1 2 ANTHONY MARINACCIO (SBN 259335) ISAAC GUZMAN (SBN 337062) MARINACCIO LAW 225
W.
Broadway, Suite 103 3 Glendale, CA 91204 4 Tel.: (818) 839-5220 Fax: (818)
638-9485 5 6 7 E - mail: anthony@marinacciolaw.com Attorney for Plaintiffs: Bradford
M.
Martinez, Vicki L.
Martinez, and Gail Diane Calhoun AKA Gail Diane Houser 8 9 10 11 SUPERIOR COURT OF
THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA FOR THE COUNTY OF LOS ANGELES, PASADENA COURTHOUSE MARTINEZ
;
GAIL DIANE CALHOUN AKA GAIL DIANE HOUSER, 12 BRADFORD M.
MARTINEZ;
VICKI L.
13 14 Plaintiffs, 15 16 VS 17 18 19 JENNIFER BURBANK;
JAMES BURBANK, Defendants.
Case No.
25PDUD00999 [ Assigned for All Purposes to the Hon.
Jerry B.
Marshak, Dept.
R ] PLAINTIFF'S REQUEST FOR ADMISSIONS TO DEFENDANT JENNIFER BURBANK (SET NO.
1) 20 PROPOUNDING PARTY: PLAINTIFF, BRADFORD M.
MARTINEZ 21 RESPONDING PARTY: DEFENDANT, JENNIFER BURBANK 22 SET NO: One 23 22
PLEASE TAKE NOTICE that BRADFORD M.
MARTINEZ, (“ Propounding Party ") 24 hereby requests that you respond to the following
Requests for Admission separately and fully, 25 26 27 28 in writing, and under oath
pursuant to Code of Civil Procedure § 2030.010, et seq.
, within 5 days after service.
Bear in mind, an interrogatory is not objectionable because an answer to it involves
an opinion or contention that relates to fact or the application of law to fact,
or would be PLAINTIFF'S REQUEST FOR ADMISSIONS TO DEFENDANT JENNIFER BURBANK - 1

1 2 based on information obtained or legal theories developed in anticipation of litigation
or in preparation for trial.
Code of Civil Procedure § 2030.010 (b).
3 DEFINITIONS 4 1.
The word " YOU, ” “ YOUR ” “ YOURS, ” and “ YOURSELF ” shall each refer to 5 Defendant
, Jennifer Burbank, including Jennifer Burbank's past and present agents, 6 7 8
9 10 11 12 13 14 15 representatives, assigns, and anyone directing Jennifer Burbank's
actions in the matter bearing case number 25PDUD00999 (“ ACTION ”).
2.
The phrase “ PROPOUNDING PARTY ” shall mean Plaintiff, BRADFORD M.
MARTINEZ, and shall include any of BRADFORD M.
MARTINEZ's representatives, employees, agents, or assigns as well as any parties
directing BRADFORD M.
MARTINEZ's actions in this ACTION.
3.
The word “ COMMUNICATIONS ” shall mean any document, oral statement, meeting or
conference, formal or informal, at any time or place and under any circumstances
whatsoever, whereby information of any nature was stated, written, recorded or
in any matter 16 transmitted or transferred.
17 18 19 220 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 4.
The word " DOCUMENT ” and “ DOCUMENTS ” shall mean any and all " writings, " as the
term is defined in California Evidence Code Section 250 and California Code of Civil
Procedure Section 2031.010, including, but not limited to any tangible items which
contain handwriting, typewriting, printing, photostatic reproduction, photographic
reproduction, electronic reproduction, and any other form of communications or representations
whether produced, reproduced, or stored on paper, cards, tapes, discs, belts
, charts, films (including microfilm or microfiche), computer storage devices
or any other medium or recordation that are in YOUR possession, custody or control
, or the possession, custody, or control of any of YOUR agents, attorneys, accountants
, or representatives.
5.
The word “ PERSON ” or “ PERSONS ” is defined consistent with California Evidence
Code Section 175 and shall mean and include any natural person, corporation, partnership
, sole PLAINTIFF'S REQUEST FOR ADMISSIONS TO DEFENDANT JENNIFER BURBANK - 2

1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 proprietorship, organization, association, federation
, governmental entity or association, or any other kind of entity.
6.
The terms " CONCERNING ” and “ REGARDING " means relating to, referring to, describing
, evidencing, or constituting.
7.
The term " SUPPORT ” means to provide a factual or evidentiary basis for a claim,
assertion, or legal position.
8.
The phrase " PROPOUNDING PARTY ” shall mean Defendant, Amanda Broadwell, and shall
include any of Amanda Broadwell's representatives, employees, agents, or assigns
as well as any parties directing Amanda Broadwell's actions in this ACTION.
9.
The word " COMPLAINT ” shall mean the ACTION's underlying Complaint that Plaintiff
filed on or about April 1, 2025, in the Superior Court of California, for the County
of Los Angeles.
10.
The word " NOTICE ” shall mean the 60 – Day Notice to quit which was 15 attached to
the complaint as exhibit 2 dated January 29, 2025.
16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 11.
The word " LEASE ” shall mean the Residential Lease or Month - to - month Rental Agreement
, bearing a commencement date of September 8, 2023 pursuant to which YOU occupy the
PREMISES.
Attached hereto as Exhibit 1 is a true and correct copy of the LEASE.
12.
The word " RENT ” shall mean the amount of money due monthly from YOU in exchange
for which YOU are granted the right to occupy the PREMISES that are the subject of
this ACTION.
13.
The term “ PREMISES ” shall mean the real property commonly known as 518 North Stoneman
Avenue, Alhambra CA 91801.
14.
The term " REPAIRS " shall mean any work to correct, change, clean, 26 27 28 ameliorate
, or otherwise fix the PREMISES.
PLAINTIFF'S REQUEST FOR ADMISSIONS TO DEFENDANT JENNIFER BURBANK - 3

1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 15.
The term " CONTACT INFORMATION ” shall mean all contact information within the Responding
Party's possession, custody, or control, including, but not limited to personal
phone numbers, business phone numbers, e - mail addresses, and mailing addresses
.
16.
The term “ HABITABILITY ” shall mean the physical condition of a residential living
space, including but not limited to, the condition of doors and walls, the accumulation
of | mold, and infestation of vermin and rodents.
17.
The term " HOUSING AUTHORITY " is defined as any municipal or county agency or other
government institution tasked with regulation and inspection of residential | properties
, such as the County of Los Angeles or the Los Angeles Housing Community 10 11 18
.
12 Investment Department.
The terms " all, " " any, ” and “ each ” shall be construed as encompassing any
and 13 all.
14 15 16 17 18 19.
The connectives “ and ” and “ or ” shall be construed either disjunctively or conjunctively
as necessary to bring within the scope of the discovery request all responses that
might otherwise be construed to be outside of its scope.
20.
21.
The use of the singular form of any word includes the plural and vice versa.
All definitions construed herein will retain their meaning irrespective of whether
they are capitalized in the requests below.
19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 REQUESTS FOR ADMISSION 1.
Admit that YOU entered into a LEASE to occupy the PREMISES.
Attached hereto as Exhibit 1 is a true and correct copy of the LEASE.
2.
Admit that YOU have no evidence to SUPPORT your contention in your Answer that the
NOTICE was served in retaliation.
3.
Admit that the second paragraph in the NOTICE states “ This Notice is being served
[ … ] because the Landlord seeks in good faith to occupy the residential real property
by the owner's father Robert L.
Fernandez.
" Attached hereto as Exhibit 2 is a true and correct copy of the NOTICE.
PLAINTIFF'S REQUEST FOR ADMISSIONS TO DEFENDANT JENNIFER BURBANK - 4

1 2 3 4 5 6 4.
Admit that the fifth paragraph in the NOTICE states " You are entitled to relocation
assistance [...
] Landlord agrees to waive last month's rent.
" Attached hereto as Exhibit 2 is a true and correct copy of the NOTICE.
5.
Admit that YOU did not pay RENT to PROPOUNDING PARTY for the PREMISES REGARDING the
month of March 2025.
6.
Admit that PROPOUNDING PARTY made REAPIRS at the PREMISES REGARDING 7 a clogged toilet
on or about November 22, 2023.
Attached hereto as Exhibit 3 is a true 8 9 and correct copy of a text exchange between
YOU and PROPOUNDING PARTY confirming REPAIRS were made.
10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 7.
Admit that the clogged toilet in the PREMISES referenced in Exhibit 3 was caused by
a large quantity of baby wipes clogging the drain line.
8.
Admit that there was a toilet leak in the master bedroom which was reported by YOU
to PROPOUNDING PARTY on May 30, 2024.
Attached hereto as Exhibit 4 is a true and correct copy of a text exchange between
YOU and PROPOUNDING PARTY REGARDING the toilet leak.
9.
Admit that PROPOUNDING PARTY came to the PREMISES the same day to REPAIR the leak
in the PREMISES referenced in Exhibit 4.
10.
Admit that PROPOUNDING PARTY followed up with YOU REGARDING REPAIRS performed at the
PREMISES on or about June 10, 2024 referenced in exhibit 4.
11.
Admit that PROPOUNDING PARTY received confirmation from YOU that the leak referenced
in Exhibit 4 was no longer present.
12.
Admit that several attempts were made by PROPOUNDING PARTY to set up a date to REPAIR
the leaks in the garage.
13.
Admit that on or about February 27, 2025, steps were taken to find the cause of
the leak.
Attached hereto as Exhibit 5 is a true and correct copy of an invoice reflecting the
REPAIRS that were performed.
PLAINTIFF'S REQUEST FOR ADMISSIONS TO DEFENDANT JENNIFER BURBANK - 5

14.
Admit that COMMUNICATION was sent to you on or about March 6, 2025 updating YOU on
the status of requested repairs.
Attached hereto as Exhibit 6 is a true and correct copy of the said email.
1 2 3 4 5 Dated: June 6, 2025 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23
24 25 26 27 28 Anthony Marinaccio ANTHONY MARINACCIO Attorney for the Plaintiffs PLAINTIFF'S
REQUEST FOR ADMISSIONS TO DEFENDANT JENNIFER BURBANK - 6

Exhibit 1

DocuSign Envelope ID: BEBBB34E - 2815-40EE - A88B - 704908D522A5 CALIFORNIA ASSOCIATION
OF REALTORS® DISCLOSURE REGARDING REAL ESTATE AGENCY RELATIONSHIP (As required by
the Civil Code) (C.A.R.
Form AD, Revised 12/21) G3 COLDWELL BANKER REALTY ■ (If checked) This form is
being provided in connection with a transaction for a leasehold interest exceeding
one year as per Civil Code section 2079.13 (j), (k), and (I).
When you enter into a discussion with a real estate agent regarding a real estate
transaction, you should from the outset understand what type of agency relationship
or representation you wish to have with the agent in the transaction.
SELLER'S AGENT A Seller's agent under a listing agreement with the Seller acts as
the agent for the Seller only.
A Seller's agent or a subagent of that agent has the following affirmative obligations
: To the Seller: A Fiduciary duty of utmost care, integrity, honesty and loyalty
in dealings with the Seller.
To the Buyer and the Seller: (a) Diligent exercise of reasonable skill and care
in performance of the agent's duties.
(b) A duty of honest and fair dealing and good faith.
(c) A duty to disclose all facts known to the agent materially affecting the value
or desirability of the property that are not known to, or within the diligent attention
and observation of, the parties.
An agent is not obligated to reveal to either party any confidential information obtained
from the other party that does not involve the affirmative duties set forth above
.
BUYER'S AGENT A Buyer's agent can, with a Buyer's consent, agree to act as agent
for the Buyer only.
In these situations, the agent is not the Seller's agent, even if by agreement the
agent may receive compensation for services rendered, either in full or in part from
the Seller.
An agent acting only for a Buyer has the following affirmative obligations: To the
Buyer: A fiduciary duty of utmost care, integrity, honesty and loyalty in dealings
with the Buyer.
To the Buyer and the Seller: (a) Diligent exercise of reasonable skill and care
in performance of the agent's duties.
(b) A duty of honest and fair dealing and good faith.
(c) A duty to disclose all facts known to the agent materially affecting the value
or desirability of the property that are not known to, or within the diligent attention
and observation of, the parties.
An agent is not obligated to reveal to either party any confidential information obtained
from the other party that does not involve the affirmative duties set forth above
.
AGENT REPRESENTING BOTH SELLER AND BUYER A real estate agent, either acting directly
or through one or more salespersons and broker associates, can legally be the agent
of both the Seller and the Buyer in a transaction, but only with the knowledge and
consent of both the Seller and the Buyer.
In a dual agency situation, the agent has the following affirmative obligations to
both the Seller and the Buyer: (a) A fiduciary duty of utmost care, integrity
, honesty and loyalty in the dealings with either the Seller or the Buyer.
(b) Other duties to the Seller and the Buyer as stated above in their respective
sections.
In representing both Seller and Buyer, a dual agent may not, without the express
permission of the respective party, disclose to the other party confidential information
, including, but not limited to, facts relating to either the Buyer's or Seller's
financial position, motivations, bargaining position, or other personal information
that may impact price, including the Seller's willingness to accept a price less
than the listing price or the Buyer's willingness to pay a price greater than the
price offered.
SELLER AND BUYER RESPONSIBILITIES Either the purchase agreement or a separate document
will contain a confirmation of which agent is representing you and whether that agent
is representing you exclusively in the transaction or acting as a dual agent.
Please pay attention to that confirmation to make sure it accurately reflects your
understanding of your agent's role.
The above duties of the agent in a real estate transaction do not relieve a Seller
or Buyer from the responsibility to protect his or her own interests.
You should carefully read all agreements to assure that they adequately express your
understanding of the transaction.
A real estate agent is a person qualified to advise about real estate.
If legal or tax advice is desired, consult a competent professional.
If you are a Buyer, you have the duty to exercise reasonable care to protect yourself
, including as to those facts about the property which are known to you or within
your diligent attention and observation.
Both Sellers and Buyers should strongly consider obtaining tax advice from a competent
professional because the federal and state tax consequences of a transaction can be
complex and subject to change.
Throughout your real property transaction you may receive more than one disclosure
form, depending upon the number of agents assisting in the transaction.
The law requires each agent with whom you have more than a casual relationship to
present you with this disclosure form.
You should read its contents each time it is presented to you, considering the relationship
between you and the real estate agent in your specific transaction.
This disclosure form includes the provisions of Sections 2079.13 to 2079.24, inclusive
, of the Civil Code set forth on page 2.
Read it carefully.
I / WE ACKNOWLEDGE RECEIPT OF A COPY OF THIS DISCLOSURE AND THE PORTIONS OF THE CIVIL
CODE PRINTED ON THE SECOND PAGE.
■ Buyer Seller ■ Landlord ■ Tenant Buyer ■ Seller Landlord ■ Tenant Agent By ■■ gen
Jennifer Burbank Date 9/4/23 James Burbank Date 914/23 Coldwell Banker Realty Real
Estate Broker (Firm) Johnny Aragon DRE Lic.
# 02066422 DRE Lic.
# 00616212 Date 29/4/23 (Salesperson or Broker - Associate, if any) 2021, California
Association of REALTORS®, Inc.
AD REVISED 12/21 (PAGE 1 OF 2) DISCLOSURE REGARDING REAL ESTATE AGENCY RELATIONSHIP
(AD PAGE 1 OF 2) Coldwell Banker Realty - Pasadena, 388 S Lake Ave.
Pasadena CA 91101 Johnny Aragon Phone: (213)290-3678 Produced with Lone Wolf Transactions
(zipForm Edition) 717 N Harwood St, Suite 2200, Dallas, TX 75201 Fax: (626)440-0455
www.lwolf.com EQUAL HOUSING OPPORTUNITY 518 N Stoneman

DocuSign Envelope ID: BEBBB34E - 2815-40EE - A88B - 704908D522A5 CIVIL CODE SECTIONS
2079.13 - 2079.24 (2079.16 APPEARS ON THE FRONT) 2079.13.
As used in Sections 2079.7 and 2079.14 to 2079.24, inclusive, the following terms
have the following meanings: (a) " Agent " means a person acting under provisions
of Title 9 (commencing with Section 2295) in a real property transaction, and includes
a person who is licensed as a real estate broker under Chapter 3 (commencing with
Section 10130) of Part 1 of Division 4 of the Business and Professions Code, and
under whose license a listing is executed or an offer to purchase is obtained.
The agent in the real property transaction bears responsibility for that agent's salespersons
or broker associates who perform as agents of the agent.
When a salesperson or broker associate owes a duty to any principal, or to any buyer
or seller who is not a principal, in a real property transaction, that duty is equivalent
to the duty owed to that party by the broker for whom the salesperson or broker associate
functions.
(b) " Buyer " means a transferee in a real property transaction, and includes a
person who executes an offer to purchase real property from a seller through an agent
, or who seeks the services of an agent in more than a casual, transitory, or preliminary
manner, with the object of entering into a real property transaction.
" Buyer " includes vendee or lessee of real property.
(c) " Commercial real property " means all real property in the state, except (
1) single - family residential real property, (2) dwelling units made subject
to Chapter 2 (commencing with Section 1940) of Title 5, (3) a mobilehome, as
defined in Section 798.3, (4) vacant land, or (5) a recreational vehicle, as
defined in Section 799.29.
(d) " Dual agent " means an agent acting, either directly or through a salesperson
or broker associate, as agent for both the seller and the buyer in a real property
transaction.
(e) " Listing agreement " means a written contract between a seller of real property
and an agent, by which the agent has been authorized to sell the real property or
to find or obtain a buyer, including rendering other services for which a real estate
license is required to the seller pursuant to the terms of the agreement.
(f) " Seller's agent " means a person who has obtained a listing of real property
to act as an agent for compensation.
(g) " Listing price " is the amount expressed in dollars specified in the listing
for which the seller is willing to sell the real property through the seller's agent
.
(h) " Offering price " is the amount expressed in dollars specified in an offer
to purchase for which the buyer is willing to buy the real property.
(i) " Offer to purchase " means a written contract executed a buyer acting through
a buyer's agent that becomes the contract for the sale of the real property upon acceptance
by the seller.
(j) " Real property " means any estate specified by subdivision (1) or (2) of
Section 761 in property, and includes (1) single - family residential property
, (2) multiunit residential property with more than four dwelling units, (3)
commercial real property, (4) vacant land, (5) a ground lease coupled with improvements
, or (6) a manufactured home as defined in Section 18007 of the Health and Safety
Code, or a mobilehome as defined in Section 18008 of the Health and Safety Code,
when offered for sale or sold through an agent pursuant to the authority contained
in Section 10131.6 of the Business and Professions Code.
(k) " Real property transaction " means a transaction for the sale of real property
in which an agent is retained by a buyer, seller, or both a buyer and seller to
act in that transaction, and includes a listing or an offer to purchase.
(I) " Sell, " " sale, " or " sold " refers to a transaction for the transfer of
real property from the seller to the buyer and includes exchanges of real property
between the seller and buyer, transactions for the creation of a real property sales
contract within the meaning of Section 2985, and transactions for the creation of
a leasehold exceeding one year's duration.
(m) " Seller " means the transferor in a real property transaction and includes
an owner who lists real property with an agent, whether or not a transfer results
, or who receives an offer to purchase real property of which he or she is the owner
from an agent on behalf of another.
" Seller " includes both a vendor and a lessor of real property.
(n) " Buyer's agent " means an agent who represents a buyer in a real property transaction
.
2079.14.
A seller's agent and buyer's agent shall provide the seller and buyer in a real property
transaction with a copy of the disclosure form specified in Section 2079.16, and
shall obtain a signed acknowledgment of receipt from that seller and buyer, except
as provided in Section 2079.15, as follows: (a) The seller's agent, if any,
shall provide the disclosure form to the seller prior to entering into the listing
agreement.
(b) The buyer's agent shall provide the disclosure form to the buyer as soon as
practicable prior to execution of the buyer's offer to purchase.
If the offer to purchase is not prepared by the buyer's agent, the buyer's agent
shall present the disclosure form to the buyer not later than the next business day
after receiving the offer to purchase from the buyer.
2079.15.
In any circumstance in which the seller or buyer refuses to sign an acknowledgment
of receipt pursuant to Section 2079.14, the agent shall set forth, sign, and date
a written declaration of the facts of the refusal.
2079.16 Reproduced on Page 1 of this AD form.
2079.17 (a) As soon as practicable, the buyer's agent shall disclose to the buyer
and seller whether the agent is acting in the real property transaction as the buyer's
agent, or as a dual agent representing both the buyer and the seller.
This relationship shall be confirmed in the contract to purchase and sell real property
or in a separate writing executed or acknowledged by the seller, the buyer, and
the buyer's agent prior to or coincident with execution of that contract by the buyer
and the seller, respectively.
(b) As soon as practicable, the seller's agent shall disclose to the seller whether
the seller's agent is acting in the real property transaction as the seller's agent
, or as a dual agent representing both the buyer and seller.
This relationship shall be confirmed in the contract to purchase and sell real property
or in a separate writing executed or acknowledged by the seller and the seller's agent
prior to or coincident with the execution of that contract by the seller.
CONFIRMATION: (c) The confirmation required by subdivisions (a) and (b) shall
be in the following form: DO NOT COMPLETE.
SAMPLE ONLY Seller's Brokerage Firm Is the broker of (check one): ■ the seller
;
or ■ both the buyer and seller.
(dual agent) License Number Seller's Agent DO NOT COMPLETE.
SAMPLE ONLY License Number Is (check one): the Seller's Agent.
(salesperson or broker associate) ■ both the Buyer's and Seller's Agent.
(dual agent) Buyer's Brokerage Firm DO NOT COMPLETE.
SAMPLE ONLY License Number Buyer's Agent Is (check one): DO NOT COMPLETE.
SAMPLE ONLY is the broker of (check one): the buyer;
or both the buyer and seller.
(dual agent) License Number the Buyer's Agent.
(salesperson or broker associate) ■ both the Buyer's and Seller's Agent.
(dual agent) (d) The disclosures and confirmation required by this section shall
be in addition to the disclosure required by Section 2079.14.
An agent's duty to provide disclosure and confirmation of representation in this section
may be performed by a real estate salesperson or broker associate affiliated with
that broker.
2079.18 (Repealed pursuant to AB - 1289) 2079.19 The payment of compensation or
the obligation to pay compensation to an agent by the seller or buyer is not necessarily
determinative of a particular agency relationship between an agent and the seller
or buyer.
A listing agent and a selling agent may agree to share any compensation or commission
paid, or any right to any compensation or commission for which an obligation arises
as the result of a real estate transaction, and the terms of any such agreement shall
not necessarily be determinative of a particular relationship.
2079.20 Nothing in this article prevents an agent from selecting, as a condition
of the agent's employment, a specific form of agency relationship not specifically
prohibited by this article if the requirements of Section 2079.14 and Section 2079.17
are complied with.
2079.21 (a) A dual agent may not, without the express permission of the seller
, disclose to the buyer any confidential information obtained from the seller.
(b) A dual agent may not, without the express permission of the buyer, disclose
to the seller any confidential information obtained from the buyer.
(c) " Confidential information " means facts relating to the client's financial
position, motivations, bargaining position, or other personal information that
may impact price, such as the seller is willing to accept a price less than the listing
price or the buyer is willing to pay a price greater than the price offered.
(d) This section does not alter in any way the duty or responsibility of a dual
agent to any principal with respect to confidential information other than price.
2079.22 Nothing in this article precludes a seller's agent from also being a buyer's
agent.
If a seller or buyer in a transaction chooses to not be represented by an agent,
that does not, of itself, make that agent a dual agent.
2079.23 A contract between the principal and agent may be modified or altered to change
the agency relationship at any time before the performance of the act which is the
object of the agency with the written consent of the parties to the agency relationship
.
2079.24 Nothing in this article shall be construed to either diminish the duty of
disclosure owed buyers and sellers by agents and their associate licensees, subagents
, and employees or to relieve agents and their associate licensees, subagents, and
employees from liability for their conduct in connection with acts governed by this
article or for any breach of a fiduciary duty or a duty of disclosure.
© 2021, California Association of REALTORS®, Inc.
United States copyright law (Title 17 U.S.
Code) forbids the unauthorized distribution, display and reproduction of this form
, or any portion thereof, by photocopy machine or any other means, including facsimile
or computerized formats.
THIS FORM HAS BEEN APPROVED BY THE CALIFORNIA ASSOCIATION OF REALTORS®.
NO REPRESENTATION IS MADE AS TO THE LEGAL VALIDITY OR ACCURACY OF ANY PROVISION IN
ANY SPECIFIC TRANSACTION.
A REAL ESTATE BROKER IS THE PERSON QUALIFIED TO ADVISE ON REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS
.
IF YOU DESIRE LEGAL OR TAX ADVICE, CONSULT AN APPROPRIATE PROFESSIONAL.
This form is made available to real estate professionals through an agreement with
or purchase from the California Association of REALTORS®.
It is not intended to identify the user as a REALTOR®.
REALTOR® is a registered collective membership mark which may be used only by members
of the NATIONAL ASSOCIATION OF REALTORS® who subscribe to its Code of Ethics.
L Published and Distributed by: REAL ESTATE BUSINESS SERVICES, LLC.
L a subsidiary of the CALIFORNIA ASSOCIATION OF REALTORS® C 525 South Virgil Avenue
, Los Angeles, California 90020 AD REVISED 12/21 (PAGE 2 OF 2) DISCLOSURE REGARDING
REAL ESTATE AGENCY RELATIONSHIP (AD PAGE 2 OF 2) Produced with Lone Wolf Transactions
(zipForm Edition) 717 N Harwood St, Suite 2200, Dallas, TX 75201 www.lwolf.com
518 N Stoneman EQUAL HOUSING OPPORTUNITY

DocuSign Envelope ID: BEBBB34E - 2815-40EE - A88B - 704908D522A5 CALIFORNIA ASSOCIATION
OF REALTORS® RESIDENTIAL LEASE OR MONTH - TO - MONTH RENTAL AGREEMENT (C.A.R.
Form RLMM, Revised 6/23) G3 COLDWELL BANKER REALTY Date and 09/04/2023 James Steven
Burbank, Jennifer Burbank Bradford M.
Martinez, Vicki Lynn Martinez or Agent, or Property Manager (" Housing Provider
"), agree as follows (" Agreement "): PROPERTY: 1.
2.
3.
(" Tenant ") Rental Property Owner, Authorized Broker A.
Housing Provider rents to Tenant and Tenant rents from Housing Provider, the real
property and improvements described as: 518 N Stoneman Ave.
, Alhambra, California 91801 (" Premises ").
B.
The Premises are for the sole use as a personal residence by the following named person
(s) only: James Steven Burbank, Jennifer Burbank, Jayden Burbank, Jameson Burbank
Any person in the Premises, other than those listed in this paragraph are considered
guests.
Guests are not permitted to stay more than 14 (or ■) days without Housing Provider's
written consent.
C.
The following personal property, maintained pursuant to paragraph 11, is included
: Refrigerator, range, dishwasher, washer, dryer or ■ (if checked) the personal
property on the attached addendum is included.
D.
The Premises may be subject to a local rent control ordinance TERM: The term begins
on (date) 09/08/2023 (" Commencement Date ").
If Tenant has not paid all amounts then due;
(i) Tenant has no right to possession or keys to the premises and;
(ii) this Agreement is voidable at the option of Housing Provider, 2 calendar days
after giving Tenant a Notice to Pay (C.A.R.
Form PPN).
Notice may be delivered to Tenant (i) in person;
(ii) by mail to Tenant's last known address;
or (iii) by email, if provided in Tenant's application or previously used by Tenant
to communicate with Housing Provider or it's agent.
If Housing Provider elects to void the lease, Housing Provider shall refund to Tenant
all rent and security deposit paid.
(Check A or B): A.
Month - to - Month: This Agreement continues from the commencement date as a month
- to - month tenancy.
Tenant may terminate the tenancy by giving written notice at least 30 days prior to
the intended termination date.
Tenant shall be responsible for paying rent through the termination date even if moving
out early.
Housing Provider may terminate the tenancy by giving written notice as provided by
law.
Such notices may be given on any date.
■ B.
Lease: This Agreement shall terminate on (date) 09/08/2024 at 11:59 pm AM / ■ PM
.
Tenant shall vacate the Premises upon termination of the Agreement, unless: (i
) Housing Provider and Tenant have extended this Agreement in writing or signed a
new agreement;
(ii) mandated by any rent increase cap or just cause eviction control under any
state or local law;
or (iii) Housing Provider accepts Rent from Tenant (other than past due Rent)
, in which case a month - to - month tenancy shall be created which either party may
terminate as specified in paragraph 2A.
Rent shall be at a rate agreed to by Housing Provider and Tenant, or as allowed by
law.
All other terms and conditions of this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect
.
RENT: " Rent " shall mean all monetary obligations of Tenant to Housing Provider
under the terms of the Agreement, except security deposit.
A.
Tenant agrees to pay $ 3,250.00 B.
Rent is payable in advance on the 1st (or C.
per month for the term of the Agreement.
) day of each calendar month, and is delinquent on the next day.
If Commencement Date falls on any day other than the day Rent is payable under paragraph
3B, and Tenant has paid one full month's Rent in advance of Commencement Date, Rent
for the second calendar month shall be prorated and Tenant shall pay 1 / 30th of the
monthly rent per day for each day remaining in the prorated second month.
D.
PAYMENT: (1) Rent shall be paid by ■ personal check, ■ money order, ■ cashier's
check, made payable to.
■ wire / electronic payment to or X other Zelle (626) 375-5298 Payment via electronic
apps such as PayPal or Venmo will not (X will) be accepted.
(2) Rent shall be delivered to (name) Brad Martinez (whose phone number is)
(626)375-5298 at (address) (or at any other location subsequently specified by
Housing Provider in writing to Tenant) (and personally, between the hours of and
on the following days if checked, rent may be paid (3) If any payment is returned
for non - sufficient funds (" NSF ") or because tenant stops payment, then, after
that: (i) Housing Provider may, in writing, require Tenant to pay Rent in cash
for three months and (ii) all future Rent shall be paid by ■ money order, or ■
cashier's check.
Rent payments received by Housing Provider shall be applied to the earliest amount
(s) due or past due.
SECURITY DEPOSIT: E.
4.
A.
Tenant agrees to pay $ 3,250.00 as a security deposit.
Security deposit will be ■ transferred to and held by the Owner of the Premises,
or held in Owner's Broker's trust account.
B.
All or any portion of the security deposit may be used, as reasonably necessary,
to: (i) cure Tenant's default in payment of Rent (which includes Late Charges
, NSF fees or other sums due);
(ii) repair damage, excluding ordinary wear and tear, caused by Tenant or by a
guest, invitee or licensee of Tenant;
(iii) clean Premises, if necessary, upon termination of the tenancy;
and (iv) replace or return personal property or appurtenances.
SECURITY DEPOSIT SHALL NOT BE USED BY TENANT IN LIEU OF PAYMENT OF LAST MONTH'S RENT
.
If all or any portion of the security deposit is used during the tenancy, Tenant
agrees to reinstate the total security deposit within 5 days after written notice
is delivered to Tenant.
Within 21 days after Tenant vacates the Premises, Housing Provider shall: (1)
furnish Tenant an itemized statement indicating the amount of any security deposit
received and the basis for its disposition and supporting documentation as required
by California Civil Code § 1950.5 (g);
and (2) return any remaining portion of the security deposit to Tenant.
© 2023, California Association of REALTORS®, Inc.
RLMM REVISED 6/23 (PAGE 1 OF 9) Tenant's Initials ✗_ t Housing Providers Initials
X_ DS -DS VM RESIDENTIAL LEASE OR MONTH - TO - MONTH RENTAL AGREEMENT (RLMM PAGE
1 OF 9) Coldwell Banker, 388 S.
Lake Ave Pasadena CA 91101 Marisol Grier Phone: (626)487-6849 Produced with Lone
Wolf Transactions (zipForm Edition) 717 N Harwood St, Suite 2200, Dallas, TX
75201 Fax: (626)440-0455 www.lwolf.com EQUAL HOUSING OPPORTUNITY 518 N Stoneman

DocuSign Envelope ID: BEBBB34E - 2815-40EE - A88B - 704908D522A5 Premises: 518 N
Stoneman Ave.
, Alhambra, California 91801 5.
Date: 09/04/2023 C.
Security deposit will not be returned until all Tenants have vacated the Premises
and all keys returned.
Any security deposit returned by check shall be made out to all Tenants named on this
Agreement, or as subsequently modified.
D.
No interest will be paid on security deposit unless required by local law.
E.
If the security deposit is held by Owner, Tenant agrees not to hold Broker responsible
for its return.
If the security deposit is held in Owner's Broker's trust account, and Broker's authority
is terminated before expiration of this Agreement, and security deposit is released
to someone other than Tenant, then Broker shall notify Tenant, in writing, where
and to whom security deposit has been released.
Once Tenant has been provided such notice, Tenant agrees not to hold Broker responsible
for the security deposit.
MOVE - IN COSTS RECEIVED / DUE: Move - in funds shall be paid by ■ personal check
, ■ money order, ■ cashier's check, or ■ wire / electronic payment.
Category Rent from 09/08/2023 to 10/08/2023 (date) * Security Deposit Total Due
Payment Received $ 3,250.00 $ 3,250.00 Balance Due Due Date Payable To $ 3,250.00
$ 3,250.00 09/05/2023 Brad & Vicki Martinez Other Other Total $ 6,500.00 $ 6,500.00
$ 6,500.00 09/05/2023 6.
7.
* The maximum amount of security deposit, however designated, cannot exceed two
months ' Rent for an unfurnished premises, or three months ' Rent for a furnished
premises, in addition to any rent for the first month paid on or before initial occupancy
.
This limitation does not prohibit the payment of " advance rent " of not less than
six months ' rent if the term of the lease is six months or longer.
LATE CHARGE;
RETURNED CHECKS: A.
Tenant acknowledges either late payment of Rent or issuance of a returned check may
cause Housing Provider to incur costs and expenses, the exact amounts of which are
extremely difficult and impractical to determine.
These costs may include, but are not limited to, processing, enforcement and accounting
expenses, and late charges imposed on Housing Provider.
If any installment of Rent due from Tenant is not received by Housing Provider within
5 (or ■ () calendar days after the date due, or if a check is returned, Tenant
shall pay to Housing Provider, respectively, an additional sum of $ 5.000 % of the
Rent due as a Late Charge and $ 25.00 as a NSF fee for the first returned check and
$ 35.00 as a NSF fee for each additional returned check, either or both of which
shall be deemed additional Rent.
or B.
Housing Provider and Tenant agree that these charges represent a fair and reasonable
estimate of the costs Housing Provider may incur by reason of Tenant's late or NSF
payment.
Any Late Charge or NSF fee due shall be paid with the current installment of Rent
.
Housing Provider's acceptance of any Late Charge or NSF fee shall not constitute a
waiver as to any default of Tenant.
Housing Provider's right to collect a Late Charge or NSF fee shall neither be deemed
an extension of the date Rent is due under paragraph 3 nor prevent Housing Provider
from exercising any other rights and remedies under this Agreement and as provided
by law.
PARKING: (Check A or B) ■ A.
Parking is permitted as follows: within attached 3 car garage, 1 assigned guest
spot The right to parking ■ is is not included in the Rent charged pursuant to paragraph
3.
If not included in the Rent, the parking rental fee shall be an additional $ per
month.
Parking space (s) are to be used only for parking properly registered and operable
motor vehicles, except for trailers, boats, campers, buses or trucks (other than
pick - up trucks).
Tenant shall park in assigned space (s) only.
Parking space (s) are to be kept clean.
Vehicles leaking oil, gas or other motor vehicle fluids shall not be parked on the
Premises.
Mechanical work, or storage of inoperable vehicles, or storage of any kind is not
permitted in parking space (s) or elsewhere on the Premises except as specified
in paragraph 8.
OR ■ B.
Parking is not permitted on the real property of which the Premises is a part.
8.
9.
STORAGE: (Check A or B) A.
Storage is permitted as follows: within the attached 3 car garag, except for storage
closet within the 3 car garage.
The right to separate storage space is, ■ is not, included in the Rent charged pursuant
to paragraph 3.
If not included in the Rent, storage space fee shall be an additional $ per month
.
Tenant shall store only personal property Tenant owns, and shall not store property
claimed by another or in which another has any right, title or interest.
Tenant shall not store any improperly packaged food or perishable goods, flammable
materials, explosives, hazardous waste or other inherently dangerous material,
or illegal substances.
OR ■ B.
Except for Tenant's personal property, contained entirely within the Premises, storage
is not permitted on the Premises.
UTILITIES: Tenant agrees to pay for all utilities and services, and the following
charges: gas, electricity except HOA fees, water, trash which shall be paid for
by Housing Provider, or as agreed on a separate addendum.
If any utilities are not separately metered, Tenant shall pay Tenant's proportional
share, as reasonably determined and directed by Housing Provider.
If utilities are separately metered, Tenant shall place utilities in Tenant's name
as of the Commencement Date.
Housing Provider is only responsible for installing and maintaining one usable telephone
jack and one telephone line to the Premises.
Tenant shall pay any cost for conversion from existing utilities service provider
.
A A.
Water Submeters: Water use on the Premises is measured by a submeter and Tenant will
be separately billed for water usage based on the submeter.
See attached Water Submeter Addendum (C.A.R.
Form WSM) for additional terms.
B.
Gas Meter: The Premises does not have a separate gas meter.
C.
Electric Meter: The Premises does not have a separate electrical meter.
10.
CONDITION OF PREMISES: Tenant has examined Premises and, if any, all furniture
, furnishings, appliances, landscaping and fixtures, including smoke alarm (s
) and carbon monoxide detector (s).
(Check all that apply:) A.
Tenant's acknowledgment of the condition of these items is contained in an attached
statement of condition (C.A.R.
Form MII).
RLMM REVISED 6/23 (PAGE 2 OF 9) Tenant's Initials X J.B IX JB Housing Providers
Initials X_ DS -DS UM RESIDENTIAL LEASE OR MONTH - TO - MONTH RENTAL AGREEMENT (RLMM
PAGE 2 OF 9) Produced with Lone Wolf Transactions (zipForm Edition) 717 N Harwood
St, Suite 2200, Dallas, TX 75201 www.lwolf.com 518 N Stoneman EQUAL HOUSING OPPORTUNITY

DocuSign Envelope ID: BEBBB34E - 2815-40EE - A88B - 704908D522A5 Premises: 518 N
Stoneman Ave.
, Alhambra, California 91801 ■ B.
(i) Housing Provider will Deliver to Tenant a statement of condition (C.A.R.
Form MII) Date: 09/04/2023 within 3 days after execution of this Agreement;
■ prior to the Commencement Date;
■ within 3 days after the Commencement Date.
(ii) Tenant shall complete and return the MII to Housing Provider within 3 (or
■) days after Delivery.
Tenant's failure to return the MII within that time shall conclusively be deemed Tenant's
Acknowledgement of the condition as stated in the MII.
C.
Tenant will provide Housing Provider a list of items that are damaged or not in operable
condition within 3 (or ■ days after Commencement Date, not as a contingency of this
Agreement but rather as an acknowledgment of the condition of the Premises.
D.
Other: 11.
MAINTENANCE USE AND REPORTING: A.
Tenant shall properly use, operate and safeguard Premises, including if applicable
, any landscaping, furniture, furnishings and appliances, and all mechanical,
electrical, gas and plumbing fixtures, carbon monoxide detector (s) and smoke
alarms, and keep them and the Premises clean, sanitary and well ventilated.
Tenant shall be responsible for any additional phone lines beyond the one line and
jack that Housing Provider shall provide and maintain.
Tenant shall replace any burned out or malfunctioning light bulbs.
Tenant shall immediately notify Housing Provider, in writing, of any problem, malfunction
or damage with any item including carbon monoxide detector (s) and smoke alarms
on the property.
Tenant shall be charged for all repairs or replacements caused by Tenant, pets,
guests or licensees of Tenant, excluding ordinary wear and tear.
Tenant shall be charged for all damage to Premises as a result of failure to report
a problem in a timely manner.
Tenant shall be charged for repair of drain blockages or stoppages, unless caused
by defective plumbing parts or tree roots invading sewer lines.
B.
■ Housing Provider ■ Tenant shall water the garden, landscaping, trees and shrubs
, except: C.
Housing Provider Tenant shall maintain the garden, landscaping, trees and shrubs
, except: D.
■ Housing Provider X Tenant shall maintain planters within patio and any personal
addition such as herb garden, flowers etc E.
Housing Provider and Tenant agree that State or local water use restrictions shall
supersede any obligation of Housing F.
Provider or Tenant to water or maintain any garden, landscaping, trees or shrubs
pursuant to paragraphs 11B, 11C, and 11D.
Tenant's failure to maintain any item for which Tenant is responsible shall give Housing
Provider the right to hire someone to perform such maintenance and charge Tenant to
cover the cost of such maintenance.
G.
The following items of personal property are included in the Premises without warranty
and Housing Provider will not maintain, repair or replace them: H.
Tenant understands that if Premises is located in a Common Interest Development,
Housing Provider may not have authority or control over certain parts of the Premises
such as roof, electrical, gas or plumbing features inside certain walls, and common
areas such as landscaping, shared parking structure or garage.
I.
Tenant shall not use the premises to plant, grow, cultivate or sell marijuana.
12.
NEIGHBORHOOD CONDITIONS: Tenant is advised to satisfy himself or herself as to neighborhood
or area conditions, including, but not limited to, schools, proximity and adequacy
of law enforcement, crime statistics, proximity of registered felons or offenders
, fire protection, other governmental services, availability, adequacy and cost
of any wired, wireless internet connections or other telecommunications or other
technology services and installations, proximity to commercial, industrial or agricultural
activities, existing and proposed transportation, construction and development that
may affect noise, view, or traffic, airport noise, noise or odor from any source
, wild and domestic animals, other nuisances, hazards, or circumstances, cemeteries
, facilities and condition of common areas, conditions and influences of significance
to certain cultures and / or religions, and personal needs, requirements and preferences
of Tenant.
13.
ANIMALS: Unless otherwise provided in California Civil Code § 54.2, or other law
, no animal or pet shall be kept on or about the Premises without Housing Provider's
prior written consent, ■ except as agreed to in the attached Animal Terms and Conditions
Addendum (C.A.R.
Form ATCA).
14.
SMOKING: A.
(i) Tenant is responsible for all damage caused by smoking including, but not limited
to stains, burns, odors and removal of debris;
(ii) Tenant acknowledges that in order to remove odor caused by smoking, Housing
Provider may need to replace carpet and drapes and paint the entire premises regardless
of when these items were last cleaned, replaced or repainted.
Such actions and other necessary steps will impact the return of any security deposit
.
B.
The Premises or common areas may be subject to a local non - smoking ordinance.
C.
NO SMOKING of any substance is allowed on the Premises or common areas.
If smoking does occur on the Premises or common areas, (i) Tenant is in material
breach of this Agreement;
(ii) Tenant, guests, and all others may be required to leave the Premises.
Smoking of the following substances only is allowed: 15.
RULES / REGULATIONS: A.
Tenant agrees to comply with all Housing Provider rules and regulations that are at
any time posted on the Premises or delivered to Tenant.
Tenant shall not, and shall ensure that guests, invitees and licensees of Tenant
shall not, disturb, annoy, endanger or interfere with other tenants of the building
or neighbors, or use the Premises for any unlawful purposes, under federal, state
or local law including, but not limited to, using, manufacturing, selling, storing
or transporting illicit drugs or other contraband, or violate any law or ordinance
, or commit a waste or nuisance on or about the Premises.
B.
(If applicable, check one) (1) Housing Provider shall provide Tenant with a copy
of the rules and regulations within days or OR ■ (2) Tenant has been provided with
, and acknowledges receipt of, a copy of the rules and regulations.
16.
■ (If checked) CONDOMINIUM;
PLANNED UNIT DEVELOPMENT: A.
The Premises are a unit in a condominium, planned unit development, common interest
subdivision or other development governed by a homeowners ' association (" HOA "
).
The name of the HOA is Stoneman Court Tenant agrees to comply with all HOA covenants
, conditions and restrictions, bylaws, rules and regulations and decisions (" HOA
Rules ").
Tenant shall reimburse Housing Provider for any fines or charges imposed by HOA or
other authorities, due to any violation by Tenant, or the guests or licensees of
Tenant or Housing Provider shall have the right to deduct such amounts from the security
deposit.
JB Tenant's Initials X IX_ JB Housing Providers Initials RLMM REVISED 6/23 (PAGE
3 OF 9) DS -DS UM RESIDENTIAL LEASE OR MONTH - TO - MONTH RENTAL AGREEMENT (RLMM
PAGE 3 OF 9) Produced with Lone Wolf Transactions (zipForm Edition) 717 N Harwood
St, Suite 2200, Dallas, TX 75201 www.lwolf.com 518 N Stoneman EQUAL HOUSING OPPORTUNITY

DocuSign Envelope ID: BEBBB34E - 2815-40EE - A88B - 704908D522A5 Premises: 518 N
Stoneman Ave.
, Alhambra, California 91801 09/08/2023 Date: 09/04/2023 B.
If applicable, Tenant is required to pay a fee to the HOA to gain access to certain
areas within the development such as but not necessarily including or limited to the
front gate, pool, and recreational facilities.
If not specified in paragraph 5, Tenant is solely responsible for payment and satisfying
any HOA requirements prior to or upon or after the Commencement Date.
C.
(Check one) ■ (1) Housing Provider shall provide Tenant with a copy of the HOA
Rules within days or OR (2) Tenant has been provided with, and acknowledges receipt
of, a copy of the HOA Rules.
17.
ALTERATIONS;
REPAIRS: Unless otherwise specified by law or paragraph 25C, without Housing Provider's
prior written consent, (i) Tenant shall not make any repairs, alterations or improvements
in or about the Premises including: painting, wallpapering, adding or changing
locks, installing antenna or satellite dish (es), placing signs, displays or
exhibits, or using screws, fastening devices, large nails or adhesive materials
;
(ii) Housing Provider shall not be responsible for the costs of alterations or repairs
made by Tenant;
(iii) Tenant shall not deduct from Rent the costs of any repairs, alterations or
improvements;
and (iv) any deduction made by Tenant shall be considered unpaid Rent.
18.
KEYS;
LOCKS: A.
Tenant acknowledges receipt of (or Tenant will receive ■ prior to the Commencement
Date, or ■ 09/08/2023): remote control device (s) for garage door / gate opener
(s), 2 key (s) to Premises, X 2 ■1 key (s) to mailbox, key (s) to common
area (s), B.
Tenant acknowledges that locks to the Premises ■ have, ■ have not, been re - keyed
.
C.
If Tenant re - keys existing locks or opening devices, Tenant shall immediately deliver
copies of all keys to Housing Provider.
Tenant shall pay all costs and charges related to loss of any keys or opening devices
.
Tenant may not remove locks, even if installed by Tenant.
19.
ENTRY: A.
Tenant shall make Premises available to Housing Provider or Housing Provider's representative
for the purpose of entering to make necessary or agreed repairs (including, but
not limited to, installing, repairing, testing, and maintaining smoke detectors
and carbon monoxide devices, and bracing, anchoring or strapping water heaters,
or repairing dilapidation relating to the presence of mold), decorations, alterations
, or improvements;
or supplying necessary or agreed services;
or to show Premises to prospective or actual purchasers, tenants, mortgagees, lenders
, appraisers, contractors and others (collectively " Interested Persons ").
Tenant agrees that Housing Provider, Broker and Interested Persons may take photos
of the Premises.
B.
Housing Provider and Tenant agree that 24 - hour written notice shall be reasonable
and sufficient notice, except as follows: (1) 48 - hour written notice is required
to conduct an inspection of the Premises prior to the Tenant moving out, unless the
Tenant waives the right to such notice.
(2) If Housing Provider has in writing informed Tenant that the Premises are for
sale and that Tenant will be notified orally to show the premises (C.A.R.
Form NSE), then, for the next 120 days following the delivery of the NSE, notice
may be given orally to show the Premises to actual or prospective purchasers.
(3) No written notice is required if Housing Provider and Tenant orally agree to
an entry for agreed services or repairs if the date and time of entry are within one
week of the oral agreement.
(4) No notice is required: (i) to enter in case of an emergency;
(ii) if the Tenant is present and consents at the time of entry;
or (iii) if the Tenant has abandoned or surrendered the Premises.
C.
■ (If checked) Tenant authorizes the use of a keysafe / lockbox to allow entry into
the Premises and agrees to sign a keysafe / lockbox addendum (C.A.R.
Form KLA).
20.
PHOTOGRAPHS AND INTERNET ADVERTISING: A.
In order to effectively market the Premises for sale or rental it is often necessary
to provide photographs, virtual tours and other media to Interested Persons.
Tenant agrees that Broker may photograph or otherwise electronically capture images
of the exterior and interior of the Premises (" Images ") for static and / or virtual
tours of the Premises by Interested Persons for use on Broker's website, the MLS
, and other marketing materials and sites.
Tenant acknowledges that once Images are placed on the Internet neither Broker nor
Housing Provider has control over who can view such Images and what use viewers may
make of the Images, or how long such Images may remain available on the Internet
.
Tenant is advised to store or otherwise remove from view, anything of a personal
nature which Tenant would not want to appear in any Images, including but not limited
to, family photos, documents, or other valuables.
B.
Tenant acknowledges that prospective Interested Persons coming onto the Premises may
take photographs, videos or other images of the Premises.
Tenant understands that Broker does not have the ability to control or block the taking
and use of Images by any such persons.
Once Images are taken and / or put into electronic display on the Internet or otherwise
, neither Broker nor Housing Provider has control over who views such Images nor what
use viewers may make of the Images.
21.
SIGNS: Tenant authorizes Housing Provider to place FOR SALE / LEASE signs on the
Premises.
22.
ASSIGNMENT;
SUBLETTING: A.
Tenant shall not sublet all or any part of Premises, or parking or storage spaces
, or assign or transfer this Agreement or any interest in it, without Housing Provider's
prior written consent.
Unless such consent is obtained, any assignment, transfer or subletting of Premises
or this Agreement or tenancy, by voluntary act of Tenant, operation of law or otherwise
, shall, at the option of Housing Provider, terminate this Agreement.
Any proposed assignee, transferee or sublessee shall submit to Housing Provider an
application and credit information for Housing Provider's approval and, if approved
, sign a separate written agreement with Housing Provider and Tenant.
Housing Provider's consent to any one assignment, transfer or sublease, shall not
be construed as consent to any subsequent assignment, transfer or sublease and does
not release Tenant of Tenant's obligations under this Agreement.
B.
This prohibition also applies ■ does not apply) to short term, vacation, and transient
rentals such as, but not limited to, those arranged through AirBnB, VRBO, HomeAway
or other short term rental services.
C.
Any violation of this prohibition is a non - curable, material breach of this Agreement
.
23.
JOINT AND INDIVIDUAL OBLIGATIONS: If there is more than one Tenant, each one shall
be individually and completely responsible for the performance of all obligations
of Tenant under this Agreement, jointly with every other Tenant, and individually
, whether or not in possession.
-DS Tenant's Initials XI JB IX JB Housing Providers Initials X RLMM REVISED 6/23 (
PAGE 4 OF 9) -DS UM EQUAL HOUSING OPPORTUNITY RESIDENTIAL LEASE OR MONTH - TO - MONTH
RENTAL AGREEMENT (RLMM PAGE 4 OF 9) Produced with Lone Wolf Transactions (zipForm
Edition) 717 N Harwood St.
Suite 2200, Dallas, TX 75201 www.lwolf.com 518 N Stoneman

DocuSign Envelope ID: BEBBB34E - 2815-40EE - A88B - 704908D522A5 Premises: 518 N
Stoneman Ave.
, Alhambra, California 91801 24.
POSSESSION: Date: 09/04/2023 A.
(1) Tenant is not in possession of the Premises.
If Housing Provider is unable to deliver possession of Premises on Commencement Date
, such Date shall be extended to the date on which possession is made available to
Tenant.
If Housing Provider is unable to deliver possession within 5 (or ■ () calendar days
after agreed Commencement Date, Tenant may terminate this Agreement by giving written
notice to Housing Provider, and shall be refunded all Rent and security deposit paid
.
OR (2) Possession is deemed terminated when Tenant has returned all keys to the
Premises to Housing Provider.
B.
■ Tenant is already in possession of the Premises.
25.
TENANT'S OBLIGATIONS UPON VACATING PREMISES: A.
Upon termination of this Agreement, Tenant shall: (i) give Housing Provider all
copies of all keys and any opening devices to Premises, including any common areas
;
(ii) vacate and surrender Premises to Housing Provider, empty of all persons;
and personal property belonging to Tenant (iii) vacate any / all parking and / or
storage space;
(iv) clean and deliver Premises, as specified in paragraph C below, to Housing
Provider in the same condition as referenced in paragraph 10;
(v) remove all debris;
(vi) give written notice to Housing Provider of Tenant's forwarding address;
and (vii) B.
All alterations / improvements made by or caused to be made by Tenant, with or without
Housing Provider's consent, become the property of Housing Provider upon termination
.
Housing Provider may charge Tenant for restoration of the Premises to the condition
it was in prior to any alterations / improvements.
C.
Right to Pre - Move - Out Inspection and Repairs: (i) After giving or receiving
notice of termination of a tenancy (C.A.R.
Form NTT), or before the expiration of this Agreement, Tenant has the right to
request that an inspection of the Premises take place prior to termination (C.A.R.
Form NRI).
If Tenant requests such an inspection, Tenant shall be given an opportunity to remedy
identified deficiencies prior to termination, consistent with the terms of this Agreement
.
(ii) Any repairs or alterations made to the Premises as a result of this inspection
(collectively, " Repairs ") shall be made at Tenant's expense.
Repairs may be performed by Tenant or through others, who have adequate insurance
and licenses and are approved by Housing Provider.
The work shall comply with applicable law, including governmental permit, inspection
and approval requirements.
Repairs shall be performed in a good, skillful manner with materials of quality and
appearance comparable to existing materials.
It is understood that exact restoration of appearance or cosmetic items following
all Repairs may not be possible.
(iii) Tenant shall: (a) obtain receipts for Repairs performed by others;
(b) prepare a written statement indicating the Repairs performed by Tenant and the
date of such Repairs;
and (c) provide copies of receipts and statements to Housing Provider prior to termination
.
Paragraph 25C does not apply when the tenancy is terminated pursuant to California
Code of Civil Procedure § 1161 (2), (3), or (4).
26.
BREACH OF CONTRACT;
EARLY TERMINATION: In addition to any obligations established by paragraph 25, in
the event of termination by Tenant prior to completion of the original term of the
Agreement or any extension, Tenant shall also be responsible for lost Rent, rental
commissions, advertising expenses and painting costs necessary to ready Premises
for re - rental.
Housing Provider may withhold any such amounts from Tenant's security deposit.
27.
TEMPORARY RELOCATION: Subject to local law, Tenant agrees, upon demand of Housing
Provider, to temporarily vacate Premises for a reasonable period, to allow for fumigation
(or other methods) to control wood destroying pests or organisms, or other repairs
to Premises.
Tenant agrees to comply with all instructions and requirements necessary to prepare
Premises to accommodate pest control, fumigation or other work, including bagging
or storage of food and medicine, and removal of perishables and valuables.
Tenant shall only be entitled to a credit of Rent equal to the per diem Rent for the
period of time Tenant is required to vacate Premises.
28.
DAMAGE TO PREMISES: If, by no fault of Tenant, Premises are totally or partially
damaged or destroyed by fire, earthquake, accident or other casualty that render
Premises totally or partially uninhabitable, either Housing Provider or Tenant may
terminate this Agreement by giving the other written notice.
Rent shall be abated as of the date Premises become totally or partially uninhabitable
.
The abated amount shall be the current monthly Rent prorated on a 30 - day period
.
If the Agreement is not terminated, Housing Provider shall promptly repair the damage
, and Rent shall be reduced based on the extent to which the damage interferes with
Tenant's reasonable use of Premises.
If damage occurs as a result of an act of Tenant or Tenant's guests, only Housing
Provider shall have the right of termination, and no reduction in Rent shall be made
.
29.
INSURANCE: A.
Tenant's, guest's, invitees or licensee's personal property and vehicles are not
insured by Housing Provider, manager or, if applicable, HOA, against loss or damage
due to fire, theft, vandalism, rain, water, criminal or negligent acts of others
, or any other cause.
Tenant is advised to carry Tenant's own insurance (renter's insurance) to protect
Tenant from any such loss or damage.
B.
Tenant shall comply with any requirement imposed on Tenant by Housing Provider's insurer
to avoid: (i) an increase in Housing Provider's insurance premium (or Tenant shall
pay for the increase in premium);
or (ii) loss of insurance.
C.
■ Tenant shall obtain liability insurance, in an amount not less than $ Inaming Housing
Provider and, if applicable, Property Manager as additional insured for injury or
damage to, or upon, the Premises during the term of this agreement or any extension
.
Tenant shall provide Housing Provider a copy of the insurance policy before commencement
of this Agreement, and a rider prior to any renewal.
30.
WATERBEDS / PORTABLE WASHERS: Tenant shall not use or have waterbeds on the Premises
unless: (i) Tenant obtains a valid waterbed insurance policy;
(ii) Tenant increases the security deposit in an amount equal to one - half of one
month's Rent;
and (iii) the bed conforms to the floor load capacity of Premises.
Tenant shall not use on the Premises ■ Portable Dishwasher ■ Portable Washing Machine
.
31.
WAIVER: The waiver of any breach shall not be construed as a continuing waiver of
the same or any subsequent breach.
32 NOTICE: Notices may be served at the following address, or at any other location
subsequently designated: Housing Provider: Tenant: 33.
TENANT ESTOPPEL CERTIFICATE: Tenant shall execute and return a tenant estoppel certificate
delivered to Tenant by Housing Provider or Housing Provider's agent within 3 days
after its receipt (C.A.R.
Form TEC).
Failure to comply with this requirement shall be deemed Tenant's acknowledgment that
the tenant estoppel certificate is true and correct, and may be relied upon by a
lender or purchaser.
RLMM REVISED 6/23 (PAGE 5 OF 9) Tenant's Initials X JB IX JB Housing Providers Initials
X -DS DS UM RESIDENTIAL LEASE OR MONTH - TO - MONTH RENTAL AGREEMENT (RLMM PAGE 5
OF 9) Produced with Lone Wolf Transactions (zipForm Edition) 717 N Harwood St,
Suite 2200, Dallas, TX 75201 www.lwolf.com 518 N Stoneman A EQUAL HOUSING OPPORTUNITY

DocuSign Envelope ID: BEBBB34E - 2815-40EE - A88B - 704908D522A5 Premises: 518 N
Stoneman Ave.
, Alhambra, California 91801 Date: 09/04/2023 34.
REPRESENTATION A.
TENANT REPRESENTATION;
OBLIGATIONS REGARDING OCCUPANTS;
CREDIT: Tenant warrants that all statements in Tenant's rental application are accurate
.
Housing Provider requires all occupants 18 years of age or older and all emancipated
minors to complete a lease rental application.
Tenant acknowledges this requirement and agrees to notify Housing Provider when any
occupant of the Premises reaches the age of 18 or becomes an emancipated minor.
Tenant authorizes Housing Provider and Broker (s) to obtain Tenant's credit during
the tenancy in connection with a modification of this Agreement.
Before occupancy begins, Housing Provider may cancel this Agreement upon disapproval
of the credit report (s) or upon discovering that information in Tenant's application
is false.
During the tenancy, Housing Provider may reject any such modification upon disapproval
of the credit report (s) obtained in connection with the modification.
A negative credit report reflecting on Tenant's record may be submitted to a credit
reporting agency if Tenant fails to fulfill the terms of payment and other obligations
under this Agreement.
B.
HOUSING PROVIDER REPRESENTATIONS: Housing Provider warrants that, unless otherwise
specified in writing, Housing Provider is unaware of (i) any recorded Notices of
Default affecting the Premise;
(ii) any delinquent amounts due under any loan secured by the Premises;
and (iii) any bankruptcy proceeding affecting the Premises.
35.
MEDIATION: A.
Consistent with paragraphs B and C below, Housing Provider and Tenant agree to mediate
any dispute or claim arising between them out of this Agreement, or any resulting
transaction, before resorting to court action.
Mediation fees, if any, shall be divided equally among the parties involved.
If, for any dispute or claim to which this paragraph applies, any party commences
an action without first attempting to resolve the matter through mediation, or refuses
to mediate after a request has been made, then that party shall not be entitled to
recover attorney fees, even if they would otherwise be available to that party in
any such action.
B.
The following matters are excluded from mediation: (i) an unlawful detainer action
;
(ii) the filing or enforcement of a mechanic's lien;
and (iii) any matter within the jurisdiction of a probate, small claims or bankruptcy
court.
The filing of a court action to enable the recording of a notice of pending action
, for order of attachment, receivership, injunction, or other provisional remedies
, shall not constitute a waiver of the mediation provision.
C.
Housing Provider and Tenant agree to mediate disputes or claims involving Listing
Agent, Leasing Agent or property manager (" Broker "), provided Broker shall have
agreed to such mediation prior to, or within a reasonable time after, the dispute
or claim is presented to such Broker.
Any election by Broker to participate in mediation shall not result in Broker being
deemed a party to this Agreement.
36.
ATTORNEY FEES: In any action or proceeding arising out of this Agreement, the prevailing
party between Housing Provider and Tenant shall be entitled to reasonable attorney
fees and costs collectively not to exceed $ 1,000 (or $ provided in paragraph 35A
.
37.
C.A.R.
FORM: C.A.R.
Form means the specific form referenced or another comparable form agreed to by the
parties.
38.
DISCLOSURES: except as A.
■ MOLD AND DAMPNESS: Exposure to mold may have potential health risks.
Tenant acknowledges receipt of the attached booklet titled, " Information on Dampness
and Mold for Renters in California " before signing this Residential Lease or Month
- to- Month Rental Agreement.
B.
PERIODIC PEST CONTROL: ■ Premises is a house.
Tenant is responsible for periodic pest control treatment.
C.
BED BUGS: Housing Provider has no knowledge of any infestation in the Premises by
bed bugs.
See attached Bed Bug Disclosure (C.A.R.
Form BBD) for further information.
Tenant shall report suspected bed bug infestation to Housing Provider or, if applicable
, property manager and cooperate with any inspection for and treatment of bed bugs
.
Housing Provider will notify tenants of any units infested by bed bugs.
D.
MEGAN'S LAW DATABASE DISCLOSURE: Notice: Pursuant to § 290.46 of the Penal Code
, information about specified registered sex offenders is made available to the public
via an Internet Web site maintained by the Department of Justice at www.meganslaw.ca.gov
.
Depending on an offender's criminal history, this information will include either
the address at which the offender resides or the community of residence and ZIP Code
in which he or she resides.
(Neither Housing Provider nor Brokers, if any, are required to check this website
.
If Tenant wants further information, Tenant should obtain information directly from
this website.
) E.
■ RESIDENTIAL ENVIRONMENTAL HAZARDS BOOKLET: Tenant acknowledges receipt of the residential
environmental hazards booklet.
F.
FLOOD HAZARD DISCLOSURE: Flooding has the potential to cause significant damage to
personal property owned by Tenant.
See attached Tenant Flood Hazard Disclosure (C.A.R.
Form TFHD) for additional information.
OTHER MATERIAL FACTS: G.
H.
ADDITIONAL DISCLOSURES: RPO shall make additional disclosures regarding the following
matters on the attached Rental Property Owner Disclosure (C.A.R.
Form RPOD): Lead - based Paint;
Methamphetamine Contamination;
Periodic Pest Control Contracts;
Water Submeters;
Mold;
Asbestos;
Homeowners Associations / Condominiums / Planned Developments;
Military Ordnance Locations;
Death on the Premises.
39.
SERVICEMEMBERS CIVIL RELIEF ACT: Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in paragraphs
2, 4, 26 or elsewhere in this Agreement, the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act applies
to this Agreement and any effort to terminate it, as specified in §§ 3951 and 3955
of the Act.
40.
TIME OF ESSENCE;
ENTIRE CONTRACT;
CHANGES: Time is of the essence.
All understandings between the parties are incorporated in this Agreement.
Its terms are intended by the parties as a final, complete and exclusive expression
of their Agreement with respect to its subject matter, and may not be contradicted
by evidence of any prior agreement or contemporaneous oral agreement.
If any provision of this Agreement is held to be ineffective or invalid, the remaining
provisions will nevertheless be given full force and effect.
Neither this Agreement nor any provision in it may be extended, amended, modified
, altered or changed except in writing.
This Agreement is subject to California Housing Provider - tenant law and shall incorporate
all changes required by amendment or successors to such law.
This Agreement and any supplement, addendum or modification, including any copy
, may be signed in two or more counterparts, all of which shall constitute one and
the same writing.
Tenant's Initials X JB IX JB Housing Providers Initials RLMM REVISED 6/23 (PAGE 6
OF 9) DS DS VM RESIDENTIAL LEASE OR MONTH - TO - MONTH RENTAL AGREEMENT (RLMM PAGE
6 OF 9) Produced with Lone Wolf Transactions (zipForm Edition) 717 N Harwood St
, Suite 2200, Dallas, TX 75201 www.lwolf.com 518 N Stoneman EQUAL HOUSING OPPORTUNITY

DocuSign Envelope ID: BEBBB34E - 2815-40EE - A88B - 704908D522A5 Date: 09/04/2023
00616212 Premises: 518 N Stoneman Ave.
, Alhambra, California 91801 41.
AGENCY: A.
CONFIRMATION: The following agency relationship (s) are hereby confirmed for this
transaction: Housing Provider's Brokerage Firm Coldwell Banker Realty License Number
Is the broker of (check one): ■ the Housing Provider;
or ■ both the Tenant and Housing Provider (Dual Agent).
Housing Provider's Agent License Number 01950362 Is (check one): ■ the Housing
Provider's Agent.
(salesperson or broker associate);
or ■ both the Tenant's and Housing 42.
Provider's Agent (Dual Agent).
Tenant's Brokerage Firm Is the broker of (check one): Tenant's Agent Marisol Grier
Coldwell Banker Realty License Number License Number the Tenant;
or ■ both the Tenant and Housing Provider.
(Dual Agent).
Johnny Aragon 00616212 02066422 Is (check one): the Tenant's Agent.
(salesperson or broker associate);
or ✗ both the Tenant's and Housing Provider's Agent (Dual Agent).
B.
DISCLOSURE: ■ (If checked): The term of this Agreement exceeds one year.
A disclosure regarding real estate agency relationships (C.A.R.
Form AD) has been provided to Housing Provider and Tenant, who each acknowledge
its receipt.
C.
TERMINATION OF AGENCY RELATIONSHIP: (1) Housing Provider and Tenant acknowledges
and agrees that unless Broker is the property manager, or as specified in (2) below
, once Housing Provider and Tenant enter into this Agreement, (i) Broker will not
represent Owner in any manner regarding the management of the Premises;
and (ii) Any representation duties that Broker may owe to, and any agency relationship
that Broker may have with, either Housing Provider or Tenant, is terminated.
(2) Notwithstanding paragraph 41C (1), Broker duties and responsibilities to
either Housing Provider or Tenant will terminate upon the last to occur of the following
(choose all that apply): ■ Tenant occupancy, ■ Delivering to Tenant keys or other
means of entering the Premises, ■ Tenant walkthrough, X Completion of Move In Inspection
(C.A.R.
Form MII).
TENANT COMPENSATION TO BROKER: Upon execution of this Agreement, Tenant agrees to
pay compensation to Broker as specified in a separate written agreement between Tenant
and Broker.
43.
NOTICE OF RIGHT TO RECEIVE FOREIGN LANGUAGE TRANSLATION OF LEASE / RENTAL AGREEMENTS
: California Civil Code requires a Housing Provider or property manager to provide
a tenant with a foreign language translation copy of a lease or rental agreement if
the agreement was negotiated primarily in Spanish, Chinese, Korean, Tagalog or
Vietnamese.
If applicable, every term of the lease / rental needs to be translated except for
, among others, names, dollar amounts and dates written as numerals, and words
with no generally accepted non - English translation.
44.
OWNER COMPENSATION TO BROKER: Upon execution of this Agreement, Owner agrees to
pay compensation to Broker as specified in a separate written agreement between Owner
and Broker (C.A.R.
Form LL or LCA).
45.
RECEIPT: If specified in paragraph 5, Housing Provider or Broker, acknowledges
receipt of move - in funds.
46.
OTHER TERMS AND CONDITIONS;
If checked, the following ATTACHED documents are incorporated in this Agreement:
Keysafe / Lockbox Addendum (C.A.R.
Form KLA);
Lead - Based Paint and Lead - Based Paint Hazards Disclosure (C.A.R.
Form LPD);
■ Lease / Rental Mold and Ventilation Addendum (C.A.R.
Form LRM);
Housing Provider in Default Addendum (C.A.R.
Form HPID);
XParking and Storage Disclosure (C.A.R.
Form PSD);
X Bed Bug Disclosure (C.A.R.
Form BBD);
X Tenant Flood Hazard Disclosure (C.A.R.
Form TFHD);
X Rent Cap and Just Cause Addendum (C.A.R.
Form RCJC) Other Documents / Addenda: Other Terms: 47.
LEGALLY AUTHORIZED SIGNER: Wherever the signature or initials of the Legally Authorized
Signer identified in paragraphs 50 or 51 appear on this Agreement or any related documents
, it shall be deemed to be in a representative capacity for the entity described and
not in an individual capacity, unless otherwise indicated.
The Legally Authorized Signer (i) represents that the entity for which that person
is acting already exists and is in good standing to do business in California, and
(ii) shall Deliver to the other Party, upon request, evidence of authority to
act in that capacity (such as but not limited to: applicable portion of the trust
or Certification Of Trust (Probate Code § 18100.5), letters testamentary, court
order, power of attorney, corporate resolution, or formation documents of the business
entity).
48.
■ INTERPRETER / TRANSLATOR: The terms of this Agreement have been interpreted for
Tenant into the following language: Housing Provider and Tenant acknowledge receipt
of the attached interpreter / translator agreement (C.A.R.
Form ITA).
49.
The Premises is being managed by Owner, (or, if checked): Housing Provider's
Brokerage Firm in Real Estate Brokerage section ■ Tenant's Brokerage Firm in Real
Estate Brokers section Property Management firm immediately below Real Estate Broker
(Property Manager) (Agent) Address DRE Lic # DRE Lic # Telephone # Housing Provider
and Tenant acknowledge and agree Brokers: (a) do not guarantee the condition of
the Premises;
(b) cannot verify representations made by others;
(c) cannot provide legal or tax advice;
(d) will not provide other advice or information that exceeds the knowledge, education
or experience required to obtain a real estate license.
Furthermore, if Brokers are not also acting as Housing Provider in this Agreement
, Brokers: (e) do not decide what rental rate a Tenant should pay or Housing Provider
should accept;
and (f) do not decide upon the length or other terms of this Agreement.
Housing Provider and Tenant agree that they will seek legal, tax, insurance and
other desired assistance from appropriate professionals.
Tenant's Initials B IX JB Housing Providers Initials DS -DS UM RLMM REVISED 6/23 (
PAGE 7 OF 9) RESIDENTIAL LEASE OR MONTH - TO - MONTH RENTAL AGREEMENT (RLMM PAGE
7 OF 9) Produced with Lone Wolf Transactions (zipForm Edition) 717 N Harwood St
, Suite 2200, Dallas, TX 75201 www.lwolf.com 518 N Stoneman EQUAL HOUSING OPPORTUNITY

DocuSign Envelope ID: BEBBB34E - 2815-40EE - A88B - 704908D522A5 Premises: 518 N
Stoneman Ave.
, Alhambra, California 91801 Date: 09/04/2023 50.
Tenant agrees to rent the Premises on the above terms and conditions.
A.
■ ENTITY TENANT: (Note: If this paragraph is completed, a Representative Capacity
Signature Disclosure (C.A.R.
Form RCSD) is not required for the Legally Authorized Signers designated below.
) B.
(1) One or more Tenant is a trust, corporation, LLC, probate estate, partnership
, holding a power of attorney or other entity.
(2) This Agreement is being Signed by a Legally Authorized Signer in a representative
capacity and not for him / herself as an individual.
See paragraph 47 for additional terms.
(3) The name (s) of the Legally Authorized Signer (s) is: (4) If a trust
, identify Tenant as trustee (s) of the trust or by simplified trust name (ex.
John Doe, co - trustee, Jane Doe, co - trustee or Doe Revocable Family Trust)
.
(5) If the entity is a trust or under probate, the following is the full name of
the trust or probate case, including case #: TENANT SIGNATURE (S): (Signature
) By, Printed name of Tenant: James Steven Burbank ■ Printed Name of Legally Authorized
Signer: Address 405 N Madison Ave # 21 Telephone (Signature) By, James Burbank
Date: 9/4/23 Title, if applicable, Text (213)858-1725 City Pasadena E - mail jamesburbank91@gmail.com
Jennifer Burbank State Ca Zip 91101 Date: 9/4/23 Printed name of Tenant: Jennifer
Burbank ■ Printed Name of Legally Authorized Signer: Address 405 N Madison Ave #
21 Telephone Text (323)336-7829 Title, if applicable, State Ca Zip 91101 City Pasadena
E - mail jenbarreda@yahoo.com IF MORE THAN TWO SIGNERS, USE Additional Signature
Addendum (C.A.R.
Form ASA).
GUARANTEE: In consideration of the execution of this Agreement by and between Housing
Provider and Tenant and for valuable consideration, receipt of which is hereby acknowledged
, the undersigned (" Guarantor ") does hereby: (i) guarantee unconditionally
to Housing Provider and Housing Provider's agents, successors and assigns, the prompt
payment of Rent or other sums that become due pursuant to this Agreement, including
any and all court costs and attorney fees included in enforcing the Agreement;
(ii) consent to any changes, modifications or alterations of any term in this Agreement
agreed to by Housing Provider and Tenant;
and (iii) waive any right to require Housing Provider and / or Housing Provider's
agents to proceed against Tenant for any default occurring under this Agreement before
seeking to enforce this Guarantee.
Guarantor (Print Name) Guarantor Address Telephone Text City E - mail Date State
Zip 51.
Housing Provider (owner or ■ agent for owner) agrees to rent the Premises on the
above terms and conditions.
A.
■ ENTITY HOUSING PROVIDER: (Note: If this paragraph is completed, a Representative
Capacity Signature Disclosure (C.A.R.
Form RCSD) is not required for the Legally Authorized Signers designated below.
) (1) One or more Housing Provider is a trust, corporation, LLC, probate estate
, partnership, holding a power of attorney or other entity.
(2) This Agreement is being Signed by a Legally Authorized Signer in a representative
capacity and not for him / herself as an individual capacity.
See paragraph 47 for additional terms.
(3) The name (s) of the Legally Authorized Signer (s) is: (4) If a trust
, identify Housing Provider as trustee (s) of the trust or by simplified trust name
(ex.
John Doe, co - trustee, Jane Doe, co - trustee or Doe Revocable Family Trust)
.
(5) If the entity is a trust or under probate, the following is the full name of
the trust or probate case, including case #: B.
HOUSING PROVIDE sign by URE (S): (Signature) By, Printed name of Housing 2PB
Bradford M.
Martinez ■ Printed Name of Legally Authorized Signer: Address 518 N Stoneman Ave.
Telephone (Signature) By, DocuSigned by: Text Vicki Martinez Date: 9/5/2023 |
11:04:59 Title, if applicable, City Alhambra State Ca Zip 91801 E - mail brad martinez@att.net
9/5/2023 11:51:50 Date: Title, if applicable, City Alhambra E - mail vicky_martinez@att.net
State Ca Zip 91801 Printed name of Her: Vicki Lynn Martinez ■ Printed Name of Legally
Authorized Signer: Address 518 N Stoneman Ave, Telephone Text ■ IF MORE THAN TWO
SIGNERS, USE Additional Signature Addendum (C.A.R.
Form ASA).
RLMM REVISED 6/23 (PAGE 8 OF 9) RESIDENTIAL LEASE OR MONTH - TO - MONTH RENTAL AGREEMENT
(RLMM PAGE 8 OF 9) Produced with Lone Wolf Transactions (zipForm Edition) 717
N Harwood St, Suite 2200, Dallas, TX 75201 www.lwolf.com 518 N Stoneman EQUAL HOUSING
OPPORTUNITY

DocuSign Envelope ID: BEBBB34E - 2815-40EE - A88B - 704908D522A5 Premises: 518 N
Stoneman Ave.
, Alhambra, California 91801 Date: 09/04/2023 REAL ESTATE BROKERS: A.
Real estate brokers who are not also Housing Provider under this Agreement are not
parties to the Agreement between Housing Provider and Tenant.
B.
Agency relationships are confirmed in paragraph 41.
C.
COOPERATING BROKER COMPENSATION: Listing Broker agrees to pay Cooperating Broker
(Leasing Firm) and Cooperating Broker agrees to accept: (i) the amount specified
in the MLS, provided Cooperating Broker is a Participant of the MLS in which the
Property is offered for sale or lease or a reciprocal MLS;
or (ii) (if checked) the amount specified in a separate written agreement between
Listing Broker and Cooperating Broker.
Tenant's Brokerage Firm Coldwell Banker Realty By (Agent) Address 388 Lake Ave Telephone
(213) 290-3678 Text DocuSigned by: Housing Provider's Brokerage Firm Coldwell Banker
Realty By (Agent) Marisol Grier Address 388 SL70265518574EE...
Telephone (626) 487-6849 Text DRE Lic.
# 00616212 Johnny Aragon DRE Lic.
# 02066422 Date 4/23 Pasadena State CA Zip 91107 City E - mail johnny, aragon@cbrealty.com
DRE Lic.
# 00616212 Marisol Grier DRE Lic.
# 01950362 Date City Pasadena E - mail marisolrealtor4u@gmail.com State CA 9/5/2023
12:46 Zip 91101-3508 2023, California Association of REALTORS®, Inc.
United States copyright law (Title 17 U.S.
Code) forbids the unauthorized distribution, display and reproduction of this form
, or any portion thereof, by photocopy machine or any other means, including facsimile
or computerized formats.
THIS FORM HAS BEEN APPROVED BY THE CALIFORNIA ASSOCIATION OF REALTORS®.
NO REPRESENTATION IS MADE AS TO THE LEGAL VALIDITY OR ACCURACY OF ANY PROVISION IN
ANY SPECIFIC TRANSACTION.
A REAL ESTATE BROKER IS THE PERSON QUALIFIED TO ADVISE ON REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS
.
IF YOU DESIRE LEGAL OR TAX ADVICE, CONSULT AN APPROPRIATE PROFESSIONAL.
This form is made available to real estate professionals through an agreement with
or purchase from the California Association of REALTORS®.
It is not intended to identify the user as a REALTOR®.
REALTOR® is a registered collective membership mark which may be used only by members
of the NATIONAL ASSOCIATION OF REALTORS® who subscribe to its Code of Ethics.
R Published and Distributed by: REAL ESTATE BUSINESS SERVICES, LLC.
L B a subsidiary of the CALIFORNIA ASSOCIATION OF REALTORS® S c 525 South Virgil Avenue
, Los Angeles, California 90020 RLMM REVISED 6/23 (PAGE 9 OF 9) RESIDENTIAL LEASE
OR MONTH - TO - MONTH RENTAL AGREEMENT (RLMM PAGE 9 OF 9) Produced with Lone Wolf
Transactions (zipForm Edition) 717 N Harwood St, Suite 2200, Dallas, TX 75201
www.lwolf.com 518 N Stoneman EQUAL HOUSING OPPORTUNITY

DocuSign Envelope ID: BEBBB34E - 2815-40EE - A88B - 704908D522A5 CALIFORNIA ASSOCIATION
TVTI DAYVAVELTUVALTL OF REALTORS® WIRE FRAUD AND ELECTRONIC FUNDS TRANSFER ADVISORY
(C.A.R.
Form WFA, Revised 12/21) G COLDWELL BANKER REALTY (" Property ").
Property Address: 518 N Stoneman Ave.
, Alhambra, California 91801 WIRE FRAUD AND ELECTRONIC FUNDS TRANSFERS ADVISORY:
The ability to communicate and conduct business electronically is a convenience and
reality in nearly all parts of our lives.
At the same time, it has provided hackers and scammers new opportunities for their
criminal activity.
Many businesses have been victimized and the real estate business is no exception
.
While wiring or electronically transferring funds is a welcome convenience, we all
need to exercise extreme caution.
Emails attempting to induce fraudulent wire transfers have been received and have
appeared to be legitimate.
Reports indicate that some hackers have been able to intercept emailed transfer instructions
, obtain account information and, by altering some of the data, redirect the funds
to a different account.
It also appears that some hackers were able to provide false phone numbers for verifying
the wiring or funds transfer instructions.
In those cases, the victim called the number provided to confirm the instructions
, and then unwittingly authorized a transfer to somewhere or someone other than the
intended recipient.
ACCORDINGLY, YOU ARE ADVISED: 1.
Obtain phone numbers and account numbers only from Escrow Officers, Property Managers
, or Landlords at the beginning of the transaction.
2.
DO NOT EVER WIRE OR ELECTRONICALLY TRANSFER FUNDS PRIOR TO CALLING TO CONFIRM THE
TRANSFER INSTRUCTIONS.
ONLY USE A PHONE NUMBER YOU WERE PROVIDED PREVIOUSLY.
Do not use any different phone number or account number included in any emailed transfer
instructions.
3.
Orally confirm the transfer instruction is legitimate and confirm the bank routing
number, account numbers and other codes before taking steps to transfer the funds
.
4.
Avoid sending personal information in emails or texts.
Provide such information in person or over the telephone directly to the Escrow Officer
, Property Manager, or Landlord.
5.
Take steps to secure the system you are using with your email account.
These steps include creating strong passwords, using secure WiFi, and not using
free services.
If you believe you have received questionable or suspicious wire or funds transfer
instructions, immediately notify your bank, and the other party, and the Escrow
Office, Landlord, or Property Manager.
The sources below, as well as others, can also provide information: Federal Bureau
of Investigation: https://www.fbi.gov/;
the FBI's IC3 at www.ic3.gov;
or 310-477-6565 National White Collar Crime Center: http://www.nw3c.org/ On Guard
Online: https://www.onguardonline.gov/ NOTE: There are existing alternatives to
electronic and wired fund transfers such as cashier's checks.
By signing below, the undersigned acknowledge that each has read, understands and
has received a copy of this Wire Fraud and Electronic Funds Transfer Advisory.
Buyer / Tenant Buyer / Tenant Seller / Landlord Seller / Landlord gem DocuSigned by
: ■■■ 129583408...
Vicki Martines 73E84C36E37A4AA...
Jennifer Burbank James Burbank Date 9/4/23 Date 9/4/23 Bradford M.
Martinez Date 8/28/2023 | 2:36: Vicki Lynn Martinez Date 8/29/2023 | 8:32: © 2021
, California Association of REALTORS®, Inc.
United States copyright law (Title 17 U.S.
Code) forbids the unauthorized distribution, display and reproduction of this form
, or any portion thereof, by photocopy machine or any other means, including facsimile
or computerized formats.
THIS FORM HAS BEEN APPROVED BY THE CALIFORNIA ASSOCIATION OF REALTORS®.
NO REPRESENTATION IS MADE AS TO THE LEGAL VALIDITY OR ACCURACY OF ANY PROVISION IN
ANY SPECIFIC TRANSACTION.
A REAL ESTATE BROKER IS THE PERSON QUALIFIED TO ADVISE ON REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS
.
IF YOU DESIRE LEGAL OR TAX ADVICE, CONSULT AN APPROPRIATE PROFESSIONAL.
This form is made available to real estate professionals through an agreement with
or purchase from the California Association of REALTORS®.
It is not intended to identify the user as a REALTOR®.
REALTOR® is a registered collective membership mark which may be used only by members
of the NATIONAL ASSOCIATION OF REALTORS® who subscribe to its Code of Ethics.
A L Published and Distributed by: E REAL ESTATE BUSINESS SERVICES, LLC.
L B a subsidiary of the CALIFORNIA ASSOCIATION OF REALTORS® 5 C 525 South Virgil Avenue
, Los Angeles, California 90020 WFA REVISED 12/21 (PAGE 1 OF 1) WIRE FRAUD AND
ELECTRONIC FUNDS TRANSFER ADVISORY (WFA PAGE 1 OF 1) Coldwell Banker, 388 S.
Lake Ave Pasadena CA 91101 Marisol Grier Phone: (626)487-6849 Produced with Lone
Wolf Transactions (zipForm Edition) 717 N Harwood St, Suite 2200, Dallas, TX
75201 Fax: (626)440-0455 www.lwolf.com EQUAL HOUSING OPPORTUNITY 518 N Stoneman

DocuSign Envelope ID: BEBBB34E - 2815-40EE - A88B - 704908D522A5 1.
2.
3.
4.
CALIFORNIA ASSOCIATION OF REALTORS® FAIR HOUSING AND DISCRIMINATION ADVISORY (C.A.R.
Form FHDA, Revised 6/23) EQUAL ACCESS TO HOUSING FOR ALL: All housing in California
is available to all persons.
Discrimination as noted below is prohibited by law.
Resources are available for those who have experienced unequal treatment under the
law.
FEDERAL AND STATE LAWS PROHIBIT DISCRIMINATION AGAINST IDENTIFIED PROTECTED CLASSES
: A.
FEDERAL FAIR HOUSING ACT (" FHA ") Title VIII of the Civil Rights Act;
42 U.S.C.
§§ 3601-3619;
Prohibits discrimination in sales, rental or financing of residential housing against
persons in protected classes;
B.
CALIFORNIA FAIR EMPLOYMENT AND HOUSING ACT (" FEHA ") California Government Code
(" GC ") §§ 12900- 12996,12955;
2 California Code of Regulations (" CCR ") §§ 12005-12271;
Prohibits discrimination in sales, rental or financing of housing opportunity against
persons in protected classes by providers of housing accommodation and financial assistance
services as related to housing;
C.
CALIFORNIA UNRUH CIVIL RIGHTS ACT (" Unruh ") California Civil Code (" CC ") §
51;
Prohibits business establishments from discriminating against, and requires full
and equal accommodation, advantages, facilities, privileges, and services to persons
in protected classes;
D.
AMERICANS WITH DISABILITIES ACT (" ADA ") 42 U.S.C.
§§ 12181-12189;
Title III of the ADA prohibits discrimination based on disability in public accommodations
;
and E.
OTHER FAIR HOUSING LAWS: § 504 of Rehabilitation Act of 1973 29 U.S.C.
§ 794;
Ralph Civil Rights Act CC § 51.7;
California Disabled Persons Act;
CC §§ 54-55.32;
any local city or county fair housing ordinances, as applicable.
POTENTIAL LEGAL REMEDIES FOR UNLAWFUL DISCRIMINATION: Violations of fair housing
laws may result in monetary civil fines, injunctive relief, compensatory and / or
punitive damages, and attorney fees and costs.
PROTECTED CLASSES / CHARACTERISTICS: Whether specified in Federal or State law or
both, discrimination against persons based on that person's belonging to, association
with, or perceived membership in, certain classes or categories, such as the following
, is prohibited.
Other classes, categories or restrictions may also apply.
Race Age Citizenship Medical Condition Ancestry Color Sex, Sexual Orientation Gender
, Gender Identity, Gender expression National Origin Marital Status Primary Language
Immigration Status Disability (Mental & Physical) Genetic Information Military /
Veteran Status Criminal History (non- relevant convictions) Religion Familial Status
(family with a child or children under 18) Source of Income (e.g.
, Section 8 Voucher) Any arbitrary characteristic 5.
THE CALIFORNIA DEPARTMENT OF REAL ESTATE REQUIRES TRAINING AND SUPERVISION TO PREVENT
HOUSING DISCRIMINATION BY REAL ESTATE LICENSEES: 6.
A.
California Business & Professions Code (" B & PC ") § 10170.5 (a) (4) requires
3 hours of training on fair housing for DRE license renewal;
Real Estate Regulation § 2725 (f) requires brokers who oversee salespersons to be
familiar with the requirements of federal and state laws relating to the prohibition
of discrimination.
B.
Violation of DRE regulations or real estate laws against housing discrimination by
a real estate licensee may result in the loss or suspension of the licensee's real
estate license.
B & PC §10177 (1) (1);
10 CCR § 2780 REALTOR® ORGANIZATIONS PROHIBIT DISCRIMINATION: NAR Code of Ethics
Article 10 prohibits discrimination in employment practices or in rendering real estate
license services against any person because of race, color, religion, sex, disability
, familial status, national origin, sexual orientation, or gender identity by REALTORS®
.
7.
WHO IS REQUIRED TO COMPLY WITH FAIR HOUSING LAWS?
Below is a non - exclusive list of providers of housing accommodations or financial
assistance services as related to housing who are most likely to be encountered in
a housing transaction and who must comply with fair housing laws.
 Sellers 8.
9.
 Real estate licensees  Mobilehome parks  Insurance companies  Landlords / Housing
Providers  Sublessors  Real estate brokerage firms  Property managers  Homeowners
Associations (" HOAs ");
 Government housing services ■ Banks and Mortgage lenders  Appraisers EXAMPLES OF
CONDUCT THAT MAY NOT BE MOTIVATED BY DISCRIMINATORY INTENT BUT COULD HAVE A DISCRIMINATORY
EFFECT: A.
Prior to acceptance of an offer, asking for or offering buyer personal information
or letters from the buyer, especially with photos.
Those types of documents may inadvertently reveal, or be perceived as revealing,
protected status information thereby increasing the risk of (i) actual or unconscious
bias, and (ii) potential legal claims against sellers and others by prospective
buyers whose offers were rejected.
B.
Refusing to rent (i) an upper - level unit to an elderly tenant out of concern for
the tenant's ability to navigate stairs or (ii) a house with a pool to a person
with young children out of concern for the children's safety.
EXAMPLES OF UNLAWFUL OR IMPROPER CONDUCT BASED ON A PROTECTED CLASS OR CHARACTERISTIC
: A.
Refusing to negotiate for a sale, rental or financing or otherwise make a housing
opportunity unavailable;
failing to present offers due to a person's protected status;
B.
Refusing or failing to show, rent, sell or finance housing;
" channeling " or " steering " a prospective buyer or tenant to or away from a particular
area due to that person's protected status or because of the racial, religious or
ethnic composition of the neighborhood;
C.
" Blockbusting " or causing " panic selling " by inducing a listing, sale or rental
based on the grounds of loss of value of property, increase in crime, or decline
in school quality due to the entry or prospective entry of people in protected categories
into the neighborhood;
D.
Making any statement or advertisement that indicates any preference, limitation,
or discrimination;
2023, California Association of REALTORS®, Inc.
FHDA REVISED 6/23 (PAGE 1 OF 2) FAIR HOUSING AND DISCRIMINATION ADVISORY (FHDA
PAGE 1 OF 2) Coldwell Banker, 388 S.
Lake Ave Pasadena CA 91101 Marisol Grier Phone: (626)487-6849 Produced with Lone
Wolf Transactions (zipForm Edition) 717 N Harwood St, Suite 2200, Dallas, TX
75201 EQUAL HOUSING OPPORTUNITY Fax: (626)440-0455 www.wolf.com 518 N Stoneman

DocuSign Envelope ID: BEBBB34E - 2815-40EE - A88B - 704908D522A5 E.
Inquiring about protected characteristics (such as asking tenant applicants if they
are married, or prospective purchasers if they have children or are planning to start
a family);
F.
Using criminal history information before otherwise affirming eligibility, and without
a legally sufficient justification;
G.
Failing to assess financial standards based on the portion of the income responsible
by a tenant who receives government subsidies (such as basing an otherwise neutral
rent to income ratio on the whole rent rather than just the part of rent that is the
tenant's responsibility);
H.
Denying a home loan or homeowner's insurance;
I.
Offering inferior terms, conditions, privileges, facilities or services;
J.
Using different qualification criteria or procedures for sale or rental of housing
such as income standards, application requirements, application fees, credit analyses
, sale or rental approval procedures or other requirements;
K.
Harassing a person;
L.
Taking an adverse action based on protected characteristics;
M.
Refusing to permit a reasonable modification to the premises, as requested by a person
with a disability (such as refusing to allow a tenant who uses a wheelchair to install
, at their expense, a ramp over front or rear steps, or refusing to allow a tenant
with a disability from installing, at their own expense, grab bars in a shower or
bathtub);
N.
Refusing to make reasonable accommodation in policies, rules, practices, or services
for a person with a disability (such as the following, if an actual or prospective
tenant with a disability has a service animal or support animal): (i) Failing
to allow that person to keep the service animal or emotional support animal in rental
property, (ii) Charging that person higher rent or increased security deposit,
or (iii) Failing to show rental or sale property to that person who is accompanied
by the service animal or support animal, and;
O.
Retaliating for asserting rights under fair housing laws.
10.
EXAMPLES OF POSITIVE PRACTICES: A.
Real estate licensees working with buyers or tenants should apply the same objective
property selection criteria, such as location / neighborhood, property features
, and price range and other considerations, to all prospects.
B.
Real estate licensees should provide complete and objective information to all clients
based on the client's selection criteria.
C.
Real estate licensees should provide the same professional courtesy in responding
to inquiries, sharing of information and offers of assistance to all clients and
prospects.
D.
Housing providers should not make any statement or advertisement that directly or
indirectly implies preference, limitation, or discrimination regarding any protected
characteristic (such as " no children " or " English - speakers only ").
E.
Housing providers should use a selection process relying on objective information
about a prospective buyer's offer or tenant's application and not seek any information
that may disclose any protected characteristics (such as using a summary document
, e.g.
C.A.R.
Form SUM - MO, to compare multiple offers on objective terms).
11.
FAIR HOUSING RESOURCES: If you have questions about your obligations or rights under
the Fair Housing laws, or you think you have been discriminated against, you may
want to contact one or more of the sources listed below to discuss what you can do
about it, and whether the resource is able to assist you.
A.
Federal: https://www.hud.gov/program_offices/fair_housing_equal_opp B.
State: https: // calcivil rights.ca.gov/housing/ C.
Local: local Fair Housing Council office (non - profit, free service) D.
DRE: https://www.dre.ca.gov/Consumers/FileComplaint.html E.
Local Association of REALTORS®.
List available at: https://www.car.org/en/contactus/rosters/localassociationroster
.
F.
Any qualified California fair housing attorney, or if applicable, landlord - tenant
attorney.
12.
LIMITED EXCEPTIONS TO FAIR HOUSING REQUIREMENTS: No person should rely on any exception
below without first seeking legal advice about whether the exception applies to their
situation.
Real estate licensees are not qualified to provide advice on the application of these
exceptions.
A.
Legally compliant senior housing is exempt from FHA, FEHA and Unruh as related to
age or familial status only;
B.
An owner of a single - family residence who resides at the property with one lodger
may be exempt from FEHA for rental purposes, PROVIDED no real estate licensee is
involved in the rental;
C.
An owner of a single - family residence may be exempt from FHA for sale or rental
purposes, PROVIDED (i) no real estate licensee is involved in the sale or rental
and (ii) no discriminatory advertising is used, and (iii) the owner owns no more
than three single - family residences.
Other restrictions apply;
D.
An owner of residential property with one to four units who resides at the property
, may be exempt from FHA for rental purposes, PROVIDED no real estate licensee is
involved in the rental;
and E.
Both FHA and FEHA do not apply to roommate situations.
See, Fair Housing Council v Roommate.com LLC, 666 F.3d 1216 (2019).
F.
Since both the 14th Amendment of the U.S.
Constitution and the Civil Rights Act of 1866 prohibit discrimination based on race
;
the FHA and FEHA exemptions do not extend to discrimination based on race.
Buyer / Tenant and Seller / Housing Provider have read, understand and acknowledge
receipt of a copy of this Fair Housing & Discrimination Advisery.
Buyer / Tenant Buyer / Tenant Adviggry.
DocuSigned by: Seller / Housing Provider Designed by Seller / Housing Provider Victa
R2F95 VicteRF Martinez James Steven Burbank Date 914123 Jennifer Burbank Date 9/4/23
Bradford M.
Martinez Date Vicki Lynn Martinez Date 9/5/2023 | 11:04:59 9/5/2023 11:51:50 © 2023
, California Association of RB403A4..
United States copyright law (Title 17 U.S.
Code) forbids the unauthorized distribution, display and reproduction of this form
, or any portion thereof, by photocopy machine or any other means, including facsimile
or computerized formats.
THIS FORM HAS BEEN APPROVED BY THE CALIFORNIA ASSOCIATION OF REALTORS®.
NO REPRESENTATION IS MADE AS TO THE LEGAL VALIDITY OR ACCURACY OF ANY PROVISION IN
ANY SPECIFIC TRANSACTION.
A REAL ESTATE BROKER IS THE PERSON QUALIFIED TO ADVISE ON REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS
.
IF YOU DESIRE LEGAL OR TAX ADVICE, CONSULT AN APPROPRIATE PROFESSIONAL.
This form is made available to real estate professionals through an agreement with
or purchase from the California Association of REALTORS®.
It is not intended to identify the user as a REALTOR®.
REALTOR® is a registered collective membership mark which may be used only by members
of the NATIONAL ASSOCIATION OF REALTORS® who subscribe to its Code of Ethics.
Published and Distributed by: L REAL ESTATE BUSINESS SERVICES, LLC.
L B ■ a subsidiary of the CALIFORNIA ASSOCIATION OF REALTORS® 525 South Virgil Avenue
, Los Angeles, California 90020 FHDA REVISED 6/23 (PAGE 2 OF 2) EQUAL HOUSING OPPORTUNITY
FAIR HOUSING AND DISCRIMINATION ADVISORY (FHDA PAGE 2 OF 2) Produced with Lone Wolf
Transactions (zipForm Edition) 717 N Harwood St, Suite 2200, Dallas, TX 75201
www.lwolf.com 518 N Stoneman

DocuSign Envelope ID: BEBBB34E - 2815-40EE - A88B - 704908D522A5 CALIFORNIA ASSOCIATION
OF REALTORS® CALIFORNIA CONSUMER PRIVACY ACT ADVISORY, DISCLOSURE AND NOTICE (C.A.R.
Form CCPA, Revised 12/22) G■ COLDWELL BANKER REALTY The California Consumer Privacy
Act (commencing with Civil Code § 1798.100) (“ CCPA "), as amended by California
voters in 2020, grants to California residents certain rights in their private,
personal information (" PI ") that is collected by companies with whom they do business
.
Under the CCPA, PI is defined broadly to encompass non - public records information
that could reasonably be linked directly or indirectly to you.
Pl could potentially include photographs of, or sales information about, your property
.
During the process of buying and selling real estate your PI will be collected and
likely shared with others, including real estate licensees, a Multiple Listing Service
, real estate internet websites, service providers, lenders, and title and escrow
companies, to name several possibilities.
Businesses that are covered by the CCPA are required to grant you various rights in
your PI, including the right to know what PI is collected, the right to know what
PI is sold or shared and to whom, the right to request that the business correct
or delete your PI, the right to " opt out " or stop the transfer of your PI to others
, and the right to limit the use of certain Pl which is considered " sensitive.
" You may get one or more notices regarding your CCPA rights from businesses you interact
with in a real estate transaction.
However, not all businesses that receive or share your Pl are obligated to comply
with the CCPA.
Moreover, businesses that are otherwise covered under the CCPA may have a legal obligation
to maintain Pl, notwithstanding your instruction to the contrary.
For instance, regardless of whether they are covered by CCPA, under California law
, brokers and Multiple Listing Services are required to maintain their records for
3 years.
If you wish to exercise your rights under CCPA, where applicable, you should contact
the respective business directly.
You can obtain more information about the CCPA and your rights under the law from
the State of California Department of Justice (oag.ca.gov/privacy/ccpa).
Additionally, the California Privacy Protection Agency is authorized to promulgate
regulations which may further clarify requirements of the CCPA (cppa.ca.gov/regulations/
).
I / we acknowledge receipt of a copy of this California Consumer Privacy Act Advisory
, Disclosure and Notice.
Buyer / Seller / Landlord / Tenant Buyer / Seller / Landlord / Tenant gen Jennifer
Qu Jennifer Burbank James Burbank DocuSigned by: Brigh EEF12F99D58340B...
9/4/23 Date 9/4/23 Date 9/5/2023 | 11:04:59 AM DocuSigned by: Vicki Martinez 73E84C36E37A4AA
...
9/5/2023 11:51:50 AM © 2022, California Association of REALTORS®, Inc.
United States copyright law (Title 17 U.S.
Code) forbids the unauthorized distribution, display and reproduction of this form
, or any portion thereof, by photocopy machine or any other means, including facsimile
or computerized formats.
THIS FORM HAS BEEN APPROVED BY THE CALIFORNIA ASSOCIATION OF REALTORS®.
NO REPRESENTATION IS MADE AS TO THE LEGAL VALIDITY OR ACCURACY OF ANY PROVISION IN
ANY SPECIFIC TRANSACTION.
A REAL ESTATE BROKER IS THE PERSON QUALIFIED TO ADVISE ON REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS
.
IF YOU DESIRE LEGAL OR TAX ADVICE, CONSULT AN APPROPRIATE PROFESSIONAL.
This form is made available to real estate professionals through an agreement with
or purchase from the California Association of REALTORS®.
It is not intended to identify the user as a REALTOR®, REALTOR® is a registered collective
membership mark which may be used only by members of the NATIONAL ASSOCIATION OF REALTORS®
who subscribe to its Code of Ethics.
R L Published and Distributed by: E REAL ESTATE BUSINESS SERVICES, LLC.
L B 5 ■ a subsidiary of the CALIFORNIA ASSOCIATION OF REALTORS® 525 South Virgil Avenue
, Los Angeles, California 90020 CCPA REVISED 12/22 (PAGE 1 OF 1) EQUAL HOUSING
OPPORTUNITY CALIFORNIA CONSUMER PRIVACY ACT ADVISORY (CCPA PAGE 1 OF 1) Coldwell
Banker Realty - Pasadena, 388 S Lake Ave.
Pasadena CA 91101 Johnny Aragon Phone: (213)290-3678 Produced with Lone Wolf Transactions
(zipForm Edition) 717 N Harwood St, Suite 2200, Dallas, TX 75201 Fax: (626)440-0455
www.lwolf.com 518 N Stoneman

DocuSign Envelope ID: BEBBB34E - 2815-40EE - A88B - 704908D522A5 www.wyn Sisepere
me.
BM SERIA - UUVI G COLDWELL BANKER REALTY TUDI DATORVELTUVAI 12 COLDWELL BANKER REALTY
PRIVACY NOTICE FOR CALIFORNIA CONSUMERS In this Privacy Notice for California Consumers
(the " Privacy Notice " or " Notice ") we provide information for California residents
about our collection and use of personal information related to our real estate brokerage
and related services (" Services ").
This Notice is intended to satisfy our requirement under California privacy laws,
including the California Consumer Privacy Act (" CCPA "), to provide privacy notice
to California residents at or before the time when we collect their personal information
.
This Privacy Notice supplements the information contained in our Privacy Policy,
located at coldwellbankerhomes.com/privacy.
Under the CCPA, " personal information " is any information that identifies, relates
to, describes, is reasonably capable of being associated with, or could reasonably
be linked, directly or indirectly, with a particular person.
It does not include personal information that is exempt under the CCPA, such as publicly
available data as defined by the CCPA, de - identified or aggregated consumer information
, or information subject to the Gramm - Leach Bliley Act or the California Financial
Information Privacy Act.
Categories of Personal Information Collected Our real estate business collects and
receives personal information primarily for the purpose of helping you complete your
real estate transaction.
We may collect personal information directly from you, automatically related to your
use of our Services, as well as from third parties, such as business partners,
title or escrow companies, lenders or mortgage brokers, and other third parties
.
Below please find the categories of personal information - as defined by the CCPA
- about California residents that we collect, sell, and / or disclose: Identifiers
Category Customer records (subject to Cal.
Civ.
Code § 1798.80 (e)).
Protected classifications under California or federal law Commercial information Internet
or other similar network activity Geolocation information Audio, video, and other
electronic data Employment information Inferences drawn from other personal information
Description Such as real name, postal address, unique personal identifier, online
identifier, internet protocol (IP) address, email address, SSN, driver's license
number, passport number, or other similar identifiers.
* Paper and electronic customer records containing personal information, such as
name, signature, SSN, address, telephone number, passport number, driver's license
or state identification card number, insurance policy number (e.g.
, for home / title insurance), education, and employment, as well as sales information
such as listing price and purchase price, or other financial information relating
to the financing of a real estate transaction (as examples, information provided
to an agent by a lender or mortgage broker;
information related to the verification of a down payment typically required by a
real estate purchase agreement;
or information provided to an agent when a " net sheet " is created).
* Citizenship or marital status, family status, medical condition, veteran or military
status, or mental capacity (as sometimes issues of capacity arise in a real estate
transaction).
* Such as records of real property, products or services purchased, obtained, or
considered, or other purchasing histories or tendencies, such as sales information
, purchase price, listing price or contract terms other similar information that
is received to facilitate a real property purchase transaction.
Such as internet or other electronic network activity Information including, but
not limited to, browsing history, search history, and information regarding a consumer's
interaction with an Internet website, application, or advertisement.
Precise location information about a particular individual or device.
Such as, CCTV footage, photographs, and call recordings, and other audio or visual
data.
Current or recent professional or employment - related information.
* Profile reflecting a person's preferences, characteristics, or attitudes, including
lists of potential buyers or sellers (" lead lists ").
* In certain real estate transactions, a title company may be required to collect
certain identifying information, such social security numbers, driver's license
numbers and / or passport numbers, per US Treasury department anti - money laundering
rules where the buyer is an entity and purchasing without a bank loan.
Our agents may assist in this process.
Purposes for Our Collection, Use and Disclosure of Personal Information We collect
and use your personal information primarily to facilitate your real estate transaction
and provide our Services to you.
In doing so, we may also share certain information with third parties, such as multiple
listing service companies, title or January 2020 (2) 1 Coldwell Banker, 388 S.
Lake Ave Pasadena CA 91101 Marisol Grier Phone: (626)487-6849 Fax: (626)440-0455
518 N Stoneman Produced with Lone Wolf Transactions (zipForm Edition) 717 N Harwood
St, Suite 2200, Dallas, TX 75201 www.lwolf.com

DocuSign Envelope ID: BEBBB34E - 2815-40EE - A88B - 704908D522A5 escrow companies
, lenders or mortgage brokers, and other business partners and third parties.
While our use and disclosure of personal information may vary depending upon the circumstances
, in general we may collect, use and disclose personal information for the purposes
described below.
Purpose Facilitating real estate transactions Providing support and services Analyzing
and improving our business Advertising, marketing and promotional purposes Description
In order to facilitate the purchase, sale or marketing of your property or to otherwise
facilitate the completion of your real estate transaction.
To communicate with clients and prospective clients relating to our Services;
to respond to inquiries;
and for other customer service and support purposes.
To evaluate and improve our services and business operation;
to conduct surveys, and other evaluations, such as customer satisfaction surveys
;
to prepare benchmarking reports and analyze market trends and comparable sales;
and for other research and analytical purposes.
To better target our ad and marketing campaigns;
to evaluate, measure, and improve the effectiveness of our campaigns;
to send you newsletters, offers, or other information we think may interest you
;
and to contact you about our services or information we think may interest you.
Securing and protecting our To protect and secure our business operations, assets
, services, network and information and business technology resources;
to investigate, prevent, detect and take action regarding fraud, unauthorized access
, situations involving potential threats to the rights or safety of any person or
third party, or other unauthorized activities or misconduct.
Defending our legal rights Including to manage and respond to actual and potential
legal disputes and claims, and to otherwise establish, defend or protect our rights
or interests, including in the context of anticipated or actual litigation with third
parties.
Auditing, reporting, Including relating to financial, tax and accounting audits
;
audits and assessments of our corporate governance, and operations, privacy, security
and financial controls, risk, and compliance with legal obligations;
internal operations Complying with legal obligations our general business, accounting
, record keeping and legal functions;
and related to any actual or contemplated merger, acquisition, asset sale or transfer
, financing, bankruptcy or restructuring of all or part of our business.
Including to comply with the law, our legal obligations and legal process, such
warrants, subpoenas, court orders, and regulatory or law enforcement requests.
More Information Our Privacy Policy: For more information about out information practices
, as well as your rights and choices regarding your personal information, please
review our Privacy Policy: www.coldwellbankerhomes.com/privacy Opt - out: To submit
a request to opt out of our sale of your personal information to third parties, such
as real estate professionals and other business partners, go to: dataprivacy@realogy.com
.
Further, to opt out of the collection of personal information by third party advertising
cookies on our Websites, go to www.privacyrights.info.
Contact Us: If you have any questions or concerns regarding our use of personal information
as described in this Notice, please contact dataprivacy@realogy.com.
Bradford M.
Martinez Print Name DocuSigned by: BAAZ Client Signatu58340B...
Vicki Lynn Martinez Print Name -DocuSigned by: 8/28/2023 | 2:36:54 ore dei piltartines
Date E84C36F37A4AA...
Client Signature 4AA...
8/29/2023 | 8:32:19 Pl Date Topnature Eligatur Signature 2 January 2020 (2) Produced
with Lone Wolf Transactions (zipForm Edition) 717 N Harwood St, Suite 2200, Dallas
, TX 75201 www.lwolf.com 9/4/23 Date 914123 Date 518 N Stoneman

DocuSign Envelope ID: BEBBB34E - 2815-40EE - A88B - 704908D522A5 wwwwwig Envip wwETITE
- VUVI TUOTI DAVALIVAI 12 CALIFORNIA ASSOCIATION OF REALTORS® WATER HEATER AND SMOKE
DETECTOR STATEMENT OF COMPLIANCE (C.A.R.
Form WHSD, Revised 11/10) Property Address: 518 N Stoneman Ave.
, Alhambra, California 91801 G■ COLDWELL BANKER REALTY NOTE: A seller who is not
required to provide one of the following statements of compliance is not necessarily
exempt from the obligation to provide the other statement of compliance.
WATER HEATER STATEMENT OF COMPLIANCE 1.
STATE LAW: California Law requires that all new and replacement water heaters and
existing residential water heaters be braced, anchored or strapped to resist falling
or horizontal displacement due to earthquake motion.
" Water heater " means any standard water heater with a capacity of no more than 120
gallons for which a pre - engineered strapping kit is readily available.
(Health and Safety Code §19211d).
Although not specifically stated, the statute requiring a statement of compliance
does not appear to apply to a properly installed and bolted tankless water heater
for the following reasons: There is no tank that can overturn;
Pre - engineered strapping kits for such devices are not readily available;
and Bolting already exists that would help avoid displacement or breakage in the event
of an earthquake.
2.
LOCAL REQUIREMENTS: Some local ordinances impose more stringent water heater bracing
, anchoring or strapping requirements than does California Law.
Therefore, it is important to check with local city or county building and safety
departments regarding the applicable water heater bracing, anchoring or strapping
requirements for your property.
3.
TRANSFEROR'S WRITTEN STATEMENT: California Health and Safety Code §19211 requires
the seller of any real property containing a water heater to certify, in writing
, that the seller is in compliance with California State Law.
If the Property is a manufactured or mobile home, Seller shall also file a required
Statement with the Department of Housing and Community Development.
4.
CERTIFICATION: Seller represents that the Property, as of the Close Of Escrow,
will be in compliance with Health and Safety Code §19211 by having the water heater
(s) braced, anchored or strapped in place, in accordance with those requirements
.
Seller DocuSigned by: DocuSigned by EEF12F99D5 Signature) Seller Vicki Martines
.
73EB4C38E3Signature) Bradford M.
Martinez (Print Name) Vicki Lynn Martinez (Print Name) The undersigned hereby
acknowledge (s) receipt of a copy of this document.
Buyer Buyer (Signature) Signature) Jennifer Burbank (Print Name) James Burbank
(Print Name) SMOKE DETECTOR STATEMENT OF COMPLIANCE Date 8/28/2023 | 2 Date 8/29/2023
| 8 Date 9/4/23 Date 9/4/23 1.
STATE LAW: California Law requires that (i) every single - family dwelling and
factory built housing unit sold on or after January 1, 1986, must have an operable
smoke detector, approved and listed by the State Fire Marshal, installed in accordance
with the State Fire Marshal's regulations (Health and Safety Code §13113.8) and
(ii) all used manufactured or mobilehomes have an operable smoke detector in each
sleeping room.
2.
LOCAL REQUIREMENTS: Some local ordinances impose more stringent smoke detector requirements
than does California Law.
Therefore, it is important to check with local city or county building and safety
departments regarding the applicable smoke detector requirements for your property
.
3.
TRANSFEROR'S WRITTEN STATEMENT: California Health and Safety Code §13113.8 (b)
requires every transferor of any real property containing a single - family dwelling
, whether the transfer is made by sale, exchange, or real property sales contract
(installment sales contract), to deliver to the transferee a written statement
indicating that the transferor is in compliance with California State Law concerning
smoke detectors.
If the Property is a manufactured or mobile home, Seller shall also file a required
Statement with the Department of Housing and Community Development (HCD).
4.
EXCEPTIONS: Generally, a written statement of smoke detector compliance is not required
for transactions for which the Seller is exempt from providing a transfer disclosure
statement.
5.
CERTIFICATION: Seller represents that the Property, as of the Close Of Escrow,
will be in compliance with the law by having operable smoke detector (s) (i) approved
and listed by the State Fire Marshal installed in accordance with the State Fire Marshal's
regulations Health and Safety Code §13113.8 or (ii) in compliance with Manufactured
Housing Construction and Safety Act (Health and Safety Code §18029.6) located in
each sleeping room for used manufactured or mobilehomes as required by HCD and (iii
) in accordance with applicable local ordinance (s).
DocuSigned by: -EEF12F99D58340 Seller DocuSigned b ignature) Seller Vicki Martines
73E84C38E3Signature) Bradford M.
Martinez (Print Name) Vicki Lynn Martinez (Print Name) Date 8/28/2023 | 2 Date
8/29/2023 | 8 Date 10 9/4/23 Date 9/4/23 The undersigned hereby acknowledge (s)
receipt of a copy of this Water Heater and Smoke Detector Statement of Compliance
.
Buyer Buyer (Signature BB Signature) Jennifer Burbank (Print Name) James Burbank
(Print Name) 1991-2010, California Association of REALTORS®, Inc.
United States copyright law (Title 17 U.S.
Code) forbids the unauthorized distribution, display and reproduction of this form
, or any portion thereof, by photocopy machine or any other means, including facsimile
or computerized formats.
THIS FORM HAS BEEN APPROVED BY THE CALIFORNIA ASSOCIATION OF REALTORS®.
NO REPRESENTATION IS MADE AS TO THE LEGAL VALIDITY OR ACCURACY OF ANY PROVISION IN
ANY SPECIFIC TRANSACTION.
A REAL ESTATE BROKER IS THE PERSON QUALIFIED TO ADVISE ON REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS
.
IF YOU DESIRE LEGAL OR TAX ADVICE, CONSULT AN APPROPRIATE PROFESSIONAL.
This form is made available to real estate professionals through an agreement with
or purchase from the California Association of REALTORS®.
It is not intended to identify the user as a REALTOR®.
REALTOR® is a registered collective membership mark which may be used only by members
of the NATIONAL ASSOCIATION OF REALTORS® who subscribe to its Code of Ethics.
R L Published and Distributed by: [ REAL ESTATE BUSINESS SERVICES, LLC.
B S C a subsidiary of the CALIFORNIA ASSOCIATION OF REALTORS® 525 South Virgil Avenue
, Los Angeles, California 90020 WHSD REVISED 11/10 (PAGE 1 OF 1) EQUAL HOUSING
OPPORTUNITY Coldwell Banker, 388 S.
Lake Ave Pasadena CA 91101 Marisol Grier WATER HEATER AND SMOKE DETECTOR STATEMENT
OF COMPLIANCE (WHSD PAGE 1 OF 1) Phone: (626)487-6849 Fax: (626)440-0455 518 N
Stoneman Produced with Lone Wolf Transactions (zipForm Edition) 717 N Harwood St
, Suite 2200, Dallas, TX 75201 www.lwolf.com

DocuSign Envelope ID: BEBBB34E - 2815-40EE - A88B - 704908D522A5 ■■ ■■ ■■ ■■ ■ ■
■■■ ■■ ■■ ■■ ■■ ■■■ - ■ ■■ - ■■■ ■ TUVUVI MAALIVALIE CALIFORNIA ASSOCIATION OF REALTORS®
CARBON MONOXIDE DETECTOR NOTICE (C.A.R.
Form CMD, 4/12) G COLDWELL BANKER REALTY 1.
2.
3.
4.
INSTALLATION OF CARBON MONOXIDE DETECTORS: A.
Requirements: California law (Health and Safety Code §§ 13260 to 13263 and 17296
to 17296.2) requires that as of July 1, 2011, all existing single - family dwellings
have carbon monoxide detectors installed and that all other types of dwelling units
intended for human occupancy have carbon monoxide detectors installed on or before
January 1, 2013.
The January 1, 2013 requirement applies to a duplex, lodging house, dormitory,
hotel, condominium, time - share and apartment, among others.
B.
Exceptions: The law does not apply to a dwelling unit which does not have any of
the following: a fossil fuel burning heater or appliance, a fireplace, or an attached
garage.
The law does not apply to dwelling units owned or leased by the State of California
, the Regents of the University of California or local government agencies.
Aside from these three owner types, there are no other owner exemptions from the
installation requirement;
it applies to all owners of dwellings, be they individual banks, corporations,
or other entities.
There is no exemption for REO properties.
DISCLOSURE OF CARBON MONOXIDE DETECTORS: The Health and Safety Code does not require
a disclosure regarding the existence of carbon monoxide detectors in a dwelling.
However, a seller of residential 1-4 property who is required to complete a Real
Estate Transfer Disclosure Statement, (C.A.R.
Form TDS) or a Manufactured Home and Mobile home Transfer Disclosure Statement (
C.A.R.
Form MHTDS) must use section II A of that form to disclose if the dwelling unit has
a carbon monoxide detector.
COMPLIANCE WITH INSTALLATION REQUIREMENT: State building code requires at a minimum
, placement of carbon monoxide detectors in applicable properties outside of each
sleeping area, and on each floor in a multi - level dwelling but additional or different
requirements may apply depending on local building standards and manufacturer instructions
.
An owner who fails to install a carbon monoxide detector when required by law and
continues to fail to install the detector after being given notice by a governmental
agency could be liable for a fine of up to $ 200 for each violation.
A transfer of a property where a seller, as an owner, has not installed carbon monoxide
detectors, when required to do so by law, will not be invalidated, but the seller
/ owner could be subject to damages of up to $ 100, plus court costs and attorney
fees.
Buyer and Seller are each advised to consult with their own home inspector, contractor
or building department to determine the exact location for installation of carbon
monoxide detectors.
Buyer is advised to consult with a professional of Buyer's choosing to determine whether
the property has carbon monoxide detector (s) installed as required by law, and
if not to discuss with their counsel the potential consequences.
LOCAL REQUIREMENTS: Some localities maintain their own retrofit or point of sale
requirements which may include the requirement that a carbon monoxide detector be
installed prior to a transfer of property.
Therefore, it is important to check the local city or county building and safety
departments regarding point of sale or retrofit requirements when transferring property
.
The undersigned hereby acknowledge (s) receipt of a copy of this Carbon Monoxide
Detector Notice.
DocuSigned by: Seller / Housing Provider X 31 Signature) 20583408...
■DocuSigned by: Seller / Housing Provider X Vicki Martines Signa Buyer / Tenant (
Signature) Buyer / Tenant (Signature) Bradford M.
Martinez (Print Name) Vicki Lynn Martinez (Print Name) Jennifer Burbank (Print
Name) James Burbank (Print Name) 8/28/2023 | 2:36:54 1 Date 8/29/2023 | 8:32:19
1 Date Date 9/4/23 Date 9/4/23 The copyright laws of the United States (Title 17
U.S.
Code) forbid the unauthorized reproduction of this form, or any portion thereof
, by photocopy machine or any other means, including facsimile or computerized formats
.
Copyright © 2012 CALIFORNIA ASSOCIATION OF REALTORS®, INC.
ALL RIGHTS RESERVED.
THIS FORM HAS BEEN APPROVED BY THE CALIFORNIA ASSOCIATION OF REALTORS® (C.A.R.
).
NO REPRESENTATION IS MADE AS TO THE LEGAL VALIDITY OR ADEQUACY OF ANY PROVISION IN
ANY SPECIFIC TRANSACTION.
A REAL ESTATE BROKER IS THE PERSON QUALIFIED TO ADVISE ON REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS
.
IF YOU DESIRE LEGAL OR TAX ADVICE, CONSULT AN APPROPRIATE PROFESSIONAL.
This form is available for use by the entire real estate industry.
It is not intended to identify the user as a REALTOR®.
REALTOR® is a registered collective membership mark which may be used only by members
of the NATIONAL ASSOCIATION OF REALTORS® who subscribe to its Code of Ethics.
R L Published and Distributed by: E REAL ESTATE BUSINESS SERVICES, LLC.
a subsidiary of the California Association of REALTORS® S C 525 South Virgil Avenue
, Los Angeles, California 90020 CMD 4/12 (PAGE 1 OF 1) EQUAL HOUSING OPPORTUNITY
CARBON MONOXIDE DETECTOR NOTICE (CMD PAGE 1 OF 1) Coldwell Banker, 388 S.
Lake Ave Pasadena CA 91101 Marisol Grier Phone: (626)487-6849 Fax: (626)440-0455
518 N Stoneman Produced with Lone Wolf Transactions (zipForm Edition) 717 N Harwood
St, Suite 2200, Dallas, TX 75201 www.lwolf.com

DocuSign Envelope ID: BEBBB34E - 2815-40EE - A88B - 704908D522A5 CALIFORNIA ASSOCIATION
OF REALTORS® RENT CAP AND JUST CAUSE ADDENDUM (Note: State or local laws may limit
the availability of certain exemptions.
Check with a qualified California real estate attorney before proceeding.
) (C.A.R.
Form RCJC, Revised 6/23) Bradford M.
Martinez, Vicki Lynn Martinez The following terms and conditions are hereby incorporated
and made part of the Residential Lease or Month - to - Month Rental Agreement dated
08/25/2023 on property known as 518 N Stoneman Ave.
, Alhambra, California 91801 in which is referred to as " Tenant " and is referred
to as " Housing Provider ".
I.
RENT CAP AND JUST CAUSE ADDENDUM TERMS With certain exemptions, Housing Provider
may be subject to the rent cap and just cause eviction provisions of the Civil Code
.
Housing Provider informs Tenant of the following: California law limits the amount
your rent can be increased.
See § 1947.12 of the Civil Code for more information.
California law also provides that after all Tenants have continuously and lawfully
occupied the property for 12 months or more or at least one of the Tenants has continuously
occupied the property for 24 months or more, a Housing Provider must provide a statement
of cause in any notice to terminate a tenancy.
See § 1946.2 of the Civil Code for more information.
II.
EXEMPTIONS TO BOTH RENT CAP REQUIREMENTS AND JUST CAUSE EVICTIONS *: 1.
Housing that has been issued a certificate of occupancy within the previous 15 years
.
2.
A property containing two separate dwelling units (excluding ADUS and junior ADUs
) within a single structure in which one of the units was Owner occupied at the commencement
and throughout the tenancy.
3.
Single Family Residential property (including a condominium and units in planned
developments) that is alienable separate from the title to any other dwelling unit
if the notice below is checked and delivered to the Tenant: Notice of Exemption:
This property is not subject to the rent limits imposed by § 1947.12 of the Civil
Code and is not subject to the just cause requirements of § 1946.2 of the Civil Code
.
This property meets the requirements of §§ 1947.12 (d) (5) and 1946.2 (e) (
8) of the Civil Code AND the Owner is not any of the following: (1) a real estate
investment trust, as defined by § 856 of the Internal Revenue Code;
(2) a corporation;
or (3) a limited liability company in which at least one member is a corporation
.
III.
ADDITIONAL EXEMPTIONS ONLY APPLICABLE TO JUST CAUSE EVICTIONS *: 1.
Housing accommodations in which the Tenant shares bathroom or kitchen facilities with
the Owner who maintains their principal residence at the residential real property
.
2.
Single - family Owner - occupied residences, including a residence in which the Owner
- occupant rents or leases no more than two units or bedrooms, including, but not
limited to, an accessory dwelling unit.
IV.
RENT CAP REQUIREMENTS 1.
Subject to certain provisions of Civil Code § 1947.12 subdivision (b), an Owner
of real property shall not increase the rental rate for that property more than 5
percent plus the percentage change in the cost of living, or 10 percent, whichever
is lower, of the lowest rental amount charged for that property at any time during
the 12 months prior to the effective date of the increase.
2.
If the same Tenant remains in occupancy over any 12 - month period, the gross rental
rate shall not be increased in more than two increments over that 12 - month period
.
3.
For a new tenancy in which no Tenant from the prior tenancy remains, the Owner may
establish the initial rate not subject to paragraph 1 of this section.
Paragraph 1 of this section is only applicable to subsequent increases after the initial
rental rate has been established.
V.
JUST CAUSE REASONS FOR TERMINATION OF TENANCY 1.
" At - Fault " Reasons: A.
Default in payment of rent.
B.
Breach of a material term of the lease, as described in Code of Civil Procedure §
1161, paragraph (3), including but not limited to, violation of a provision of
the lease after being issued a written notice to correct the violation.
© 2023, California Association of REALTORS®, Inc.
RCJC REVISED 6/23 (PAGE 1 OF 2) EQUAL HOUSING OPPORTUNITY RENT CAP AND JUST CAUSE
ADDENDUM (RCJC PAGE 1 OF 2) Coldwell Banker, 388 S.
Lake Ave Pasadena CA 91101 Marisol Grier Phone: (626)487-6849 Produced with Lone
Wolf Transactions (zipForm Edition) 717 N Harwood St, Suite 2200, Dallas, TX
75201 Fax: (626)440-0455 www.lwolf.com 518 N Stoneman

DocuSign Envelope ID: BEBBB34E - 2815-40EE - A88B - 704908D522A5 Docubiyn Livelupe
ID.
WORLD 12 - D■DA - VAUDE TOCAI 12 C.
Maintaining, committing, or permitting the maintenance of a nuisance as described
in Code of Civil Procedure § 1161, paragraph (4).
D.
Committing waste as described in Code of Civil Procedure § 1161, paragraph (4)
.
E.
The Tenant had a written lease that terminated on or after January 1, 2020, and
after a written request or demand from the Owner, the Tenant refused to execute a
written extension or renewal of the lease for an additional term of similar duration
with similar provisions, provided that those terms do not violate § 1946.1 or any
other provision of law.
F.
Criminal activity by the Tenant on the residential real property, including any common
areas, or any criminal threat, as defined in Penal Code § 422, subdivision (a
), directed to any Owner or agent of the Owner of the premises.
G.
Assigning or subletting the premises in violation of the Tenant's lease.
H.
The Tenant's refusal to allow the Owner to enter the residential real property pursuant
to a request consistent with Civil Code §§ 1101.5 and 1954, and Health and Safety
Code §§ 13113.7 and 17926.1.
I.
J.
Using the premises for an unlawful purpose as described in Code of Civil Procedure
§ 1161, paragraph (4).
When the Tenant fails to deliver possession of the residential real property after
providing the Owner written notice of Tenant's intention to terminate the hiring of
real property or makes a written offer to surrender that is accepted in writing by
the Housing Provider, but fails to deliver possession at the time specified in that
written notice.
2.
" No - fault " Reasons: A.
Intent to occupy the residential real property by the Owner or their spouse, domestic
partner, children, grandchildren, parents or grandparents (Owner / family move
- in).
Tenant and Owner hereby agree that the Owner shall have the right to terminate the
lease if the Owner, or their spouse, domestic partner, children, grandchildren
, parents or grandparents, unilaterally decide to occupy the residential property
.
Owner may terminate the lease at the end of a fixed term or any time during a month
to month tenancy by giving the appropriate notice.
B.
Withdrawal of the Premises from the rental market.
Owner may terminate the lease at the end of a fixed term or any time during a month
to month tenancy by giving the appropriate notice.
C.
Unsafe habitation, as determined by a government agency that has issued an order
to vacate, or to comply, or other order that necessitates vacating the residential
property.
D.
Intent to demolish or substantially remodel the residential real property.
" Substantially remodel " means the replacement or substantial modification of any
structural, electrical, plumbing, or mechanical system that requires a permit that
cannot be accomplished in a safe manner with the Tenant in place, and that requires
Tenant to vacate the residential real property for at least 30 days.
Cosmetic improvements alone do not qualify.
3.
Just Cause Notices: A.
Curable " At - Fault " Reasons: Before the Owner can terminate the tenancy for an
At - Fault Just Cause violation that is curable, the Owner must first provide notice
to cure giving the Tenant an opportunity to cure the violation pursuant to Code of
Civil Procedure § 1161, paragraph (3).
B.
Tenant Payments Pursuant to " No - Fault " Eviction: (1) If Owner issues a termination
of tenancy under a No- Fault Just Cause, Owner notifies Tenant of the right to direct
payment relocation assistance equal to one month of the Tenant's rent in effect at
the time of the termination and shall be provided within 15 calendar days of service
of the notice.
(2) In lieu of direct payment, Owner may waive the payment of rent for the final
month of tenancy prior to the rent becoming due.
The notice shall state the amount of rent waived and that no rent is due for the final
month of tenancy.
* NOTE: Other exemptions under the Civil Code may apply.
Additionally, this property may be subject to local rent cap and just cause eviction
controls, which may impose additional restrictions.
Housing Provider is strongly advised to seek counsel from a qualified California real
estate attorney, who is familiar with the law where the property is located, prior
to serving any notice.
The undersigned acknowledge a copy of this document and agree that the terms specified
in Sections I, II (3), if checked, and V (3) are made a part of the lease or
rental agreement specified above.
Tenant (signature) Jign Tenant (signature) Housing Provider (signature) X B
DocuSigned by: DocuSigned by.
EEF12F99058340P..
Housing Provider (signature) ✗Vicki Martines -73EB4C36E37A4AA...
Jennifer Burbank James Burbank Date 9/4/23 Date 9/4/23 Bradford M.
Martinez Date 8/28/2023 | 2:36:54 Vicki Lynn Martinez Date 8/29/2023 | 8:32:19 2023
, California Association of REALTORS®, Inc.
United States copyright law (Title 17 U.S.
Code) forbids the unauthorized distribution, display and reproduction of this form
, or any portion thereof, by photocopy machine or any other means, including facsimile
or computerized formats.
THIS FORM HAS BEEN APPROVED BY THE CALIFORNIA ASSOCIATION OF REALTORS®.
NO REPRESENTATION IS MADE AS TO THE LEGAL VALIDITY OR ACCURACY OF ANY PROVISION IN
ANY SPECIFIC TRANSACTION.
A REAL ESTATE BROKER IS THE PERSON QUALIFIED TO ADVISE ON REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS
.
IF YOU DESIRE LEGAL OR TAX ADVICE, CONSULT AN APPROPRIATE PROFESSIONAL.
This form is made available to real estate professionals through an agreement with
or purchase from the California Association of REALTORS®.
It is not intended to identify the user as a REALTOR®.
REALTOR® is a registered collective membership mark which may be used only by members
of the NATIONAL ASSOCIATION OF REALTORS® who subscribe to its Code of Ethics.
R L Published and Distributed by: REAL ESTATE BUSINESS SERVICES, LLC.
L B 5 C a subsidiary of the CALIFORNIA ASSOCIATION OF REALTORS® 525 South Virgil Avenue
, Los Angeles, California 90020 RCJC REVISED 6/23 (PAGE 2 OF 2) EQUAL HOUSING OPPORTUNITY
RENT CAP AND JUST CAUSE ADDENDUM (RCJC PAGE 2 OF 2) Produced with Lone Wolf Transactions
(zipForm Edition) 717 N Harwood St, Suite 2200, Dallas, TX 75201 www.lwolf.com
518 N Stoneman

DocuSign Envelope ID: BEBBB34E - 2815-40EE - A88B - 704908D522A5 CALIFORNIA ASSOCIATION
OF REALTORS® WATER - CONSERVING PLUMBING FIXTURES AND CARBON MONOXIDE DETECTOR NOTICE
(C.A.R.
Form WCMD, 12/16) Property Address: 518 N Stoneman Ave.
, Alhambra, California 91801 1.
WATER - CONSERVING PLUMBING FIXTURES A.
INSTALLATION: GB COLDWELL BANKER REALTY (1) Requirements: (a) Single - Family
Properties.
California law (Civil Code §1101.4) requires all single - family residences built
on or before January 1, 1994 to be equipped with water - conserving plumbing fixtures
after January 1, 2017.
(b) Multifamily and Commercial Properties.
Civil Code §1101.5 requires all multifamily residential and commercial properties
built on or before January 1, 1994 to be equipped with water - conserving plumbing
fixtures after January 1, 2019.
Additionally, on and after January 1, 2014, a multifamily residential and commercial
property built on or before January 1, 1994 that is altered or improved is required
to be equipped with water- conserving plumbing fixtures as a condition of final approval
if the alteration or improvement increases floor area space by more than 10 percent
, or has a cost greater than $ 150,000, or for any room in a building which requires
a building permit.
(2) Exceptions: These requirements do not apply to (i) registered historical
sites, (ii) real property for which a licensed plumber certified that, due to
the age or configuration of the property or its plumbing, installation of water-
conserving plumbing fixtures is not technically feasible, or (iii) a building for
which water service is permanently disconnected.
Additionally, there is a one - year exemption for any building slated for demolition
, and any city or county that has adopted a retrofit requirement prior to 2009 is
itself exempt.
(Civil Code §§1101.6, 1101.7, and 1101.9.
) B.
Disclosure of Water - Conserving Plumbing Fixtures: Although the installation of
water - conserving plumbing fixtures is not a point of sale requirement, California
Civil Code §§1101.4 (single family properties beginning 2017) and 1101.5 (multifamily
and commercial properties beginning 2019) require the seller to disclose to the buyer
the requirements concerning water - conserving plumbing fixtures and whether the property
contains any noncompliant water fixtures.
C.
Noncompliant Water Fixtures: Noncompliant water fixtures are any of the following
: (i) any toilet manufactured to use more than 1.6 gallons of water per flush,
(ii) any urinal manufactured to use more than one gallon of water per flush, (
iii) any showerhead manufactured to have a flow capacity of more than 2.5 gallons
of water per minute, (iv) any interior faucet that emits more than 2.2 gallons
of water per minute.
(Civil Code §1101.3.
) Buyer and Seller are each advised to consult with their own home inspector or contractor
to determine if any water fixture is noncompliant.
2.
CARBON MONOXIDE DETECTORS: A.
INSTALLATION: (1).
Requirements: California law (Health and Safety Code §§13260 to 13263 and 17296
to 17296.2) requires that as of July 1, 2011, all existing single - family dwellings
have carbon monoxide detectors installed and that all other types of dwelling units
intended for human occupancy have carbon monoxide detectors installed on or before
January 1, 2013.
The January 1, 2013 requirement applies to a duplex, lodging house, dormitory,
hotel, condominium, time - share and apartment, among others.
(2).
Exceptions: The law does not apply to a dwelling unit which does not have any of
the following: a fossil fuel burning heater or appliance, a fireplace, or an attached
garage.
The law does not apply to dwelling units owned or leased by the State of California
, the Regents of the University of California or local government agencies.
Aside from these three owner types, there are no other owner exemptions from the
installation requirement;
it applies to all owners of dwellings, be they individual banks, corporations,
or other entities.
There is no exemption for REO properties.
B.
DISCLOSURE OF CARBON MONOXIDE DETECTORS: The Health and Safety Code does not require
a disclosure regarding the existence of carbon monoxide detectors in a dwelling.
However, a seller of residential 1-4 property who is required to complete a Real
Estate Transfer Disclosure Statement, (C.A.R.
Form TDS) or a Manufactured Home and Mobile home Transfer Disclosure Statement (
C.A.R.
Form MHTDS) must use section Il A of that form to disclose whether or not the dwelling
unit has a carbon monoxide detector.
Buyer / Tenant Initials ■ JB B DS Seller / Landlord Initials X ■■ WCMD 12/16 (PAGE
1 OF 2) © 2016, California Association of REALTORS®, Inc.
WATER - CONSERVING PLUMBING FIXTURES AND CARBON MONOXIDE DETECTOR NOTICE (WCMD PAGE
1 OF 2) BOUAL HOUSING OPPORTUNITY Coldwell Banker, 388 S.
Lake Ave Pasadena CA 91101 Marisol Grier Phone: (626)487-6849 Produced with Lone
Wolf Transactions (zipForm Edition) 717 N Harwood St, Suite 2200, Dallas, TX
75201 Fax: (626)440-0455 www.lwolf.com 518 N Stoneman

DocuSign Envelope ID: BEBBB34E - 2815-40EE - A88B - 704908D522A5 Docubiyi Livelope
ID.
DIALAD 123VI5-469M - DFDA - MOVE TOCAL 12 Property Address: 518 N Stoneman Ave.
, Alhambra, California 91801 C.
COMPLIANCE WITH INSTALLATION REQUIREMENT: State building code requires at a minimum
, placement of carbon monoxide detectors in applicable properties outside of each
sleeping area, and on each floor in a multi- level dwelling but additional or different
requirements may apply depending on local building standards and manufacturer instructions
.
An owner who fails to install a carbon monoxide detector when required by law and
continues to fail to install the detector after being given notice by a governmental
agency could be liable for a fine of up to $ 200 for each violation.
A transfer of a property where a seller, as an owner, has not installed carbon monoxide
detectors, when required to do so by law, will not be invalidated, but the seller
/ owner could be subject to damages of up to $ 100, plus court costs and attorney
fees.
Buyer and Seller are each advised to consult with their own home inspector, contractor
or building department to determine the exact location for installation of carbon
monoxide detectors.
Buyer is advised to consult with a professional of Buyer's choosing to determine whether
the property has carbon monoxide detector (s) installed as required by law, and
if not to discuss with their counsel the potential consequences.
3.
LOCAL REQUIREMENTS: Some localities maintain their own retrofit or point of sale
requirements which may include the requirement that water - conserving plumbing fixtures
and / or a carbon monoxide detector be installed prior to a transfer of property.
Therefore, it is important to check the local city or county building and safety
departments regarding point of sale or retrofit requirements when transferring property
.
The undersigned hereby acknowledge (s) receipt of a copy of this Water - Conserving
Plumbing Fixtures and Carbon Monoxide Detector Notice.
-DocuSigned by: Seller / Landlord X BA (SignatureB -DocuSigned by: Seller / Landlord
x Vicki Martinez (SignatuAA...
8/28/2023 | 2:36:54 Bradford M.
Martinez Date (Print Name) 8/29/2023 8:32:19 Vicki Lynn Martinez Date (Print Name
) Jennifer Burbank Date 9/4/23 (Print Name) James Burbank Date 9/4/23 Buyer / Tenant
Signature) Buyer / Tenant (Signature) (Print Name) © 2016, California Association
of REALTORS®, Inc.
United States copyright law (Title 17 U.S.
Code) forbids the unauthorized distribution, display and reproduction of this form
, or any portion thereof, by photocopy machine or any other means, including facsimile
or computerized formats.
THIS FORM HAS BEEN APPROVED BY THE CALIFORNIA ASSOCIATION OF REALTORS® (C.A.R.
).
NO REPRESENTATION IS MADE AS TO THE LEGAL VALIDITY OR ACCURACY OF ANY PROVISION IN
ANY SPECIFIC TRANSACTION.
A REAL ESTATE BROKER IS THE PERSON QUALIFIED TO ADVISE ON REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS
.
IF YOU DESIRE LEGAL OR TAX ADVICE, CONSULT AN APPROPRIATE PROFESSIONAL.
This form is made available to real estate professionals through an agreement with
or purchase from the California Association of REALTORS®.
It is not intended to identify the user as a REALTOR®.
REALTOR® is a registered collective membership mark which may be used only by members
of the NATIONAL ASSOCIATION OF REALTORS® who subscribe to its Code of Ethics.
R L Published and Distributed by: E REAL ESTATE BUSINESS SERVICES, LLC.
B S c a subsidiary of the California Association of REALTORS® 525 South Virgil Avenue
, Los Angeles, California 90020 WCMD 12/16 (PAGE 2 OF 2) EQUAL HOUSING OPPORTUNITY
WATER - CONSERVING PLUMBING FIXTURES AND CARBON MONOXIDE DETECTOR NOTICE (WCMD PAGE
2 OF 2) Produced with Lone Wolf Transactions (zipForm Edition) 717 N Harwood St.
Suite 2200, Dallas, TX 75201 www.lwolf.com 518 N Stoneman

DocuSign Envelope ID: BEBBB34E - 2815-40EE - A88B - 704908D522A5 CALIFORNIA ASSOCIATION
TVVMWEUVELIVALIS OF REALTORS® BED BUG DISCLOSURE California Civil Code §1954.603 (
C.A.R.
Form BBD, Revised 6/23) COLDWELL BANKER REALTY The following terms and conditions
are hereby incorporated in and made a part of the Residential Lease or Month - to
- Month Rental Agreement, OR Residential Lease After Sale, ■ Other dated in which
and 08/25/2023 on property known as 518 N Stoneman Ave.
, Alhambra, California 91801 Bradford M.
Martinez, Vicki Lynn Martinez INFORMATION ABOUT BED BUGS: 1.
2.
3.
4.
5.
6.
(" Agreement "), is referred to as " Tenant " is referred to as " Housing Provider
".
Bed Bug Appearance: Bed bugs have six legs.
Adult bed bugs have flat bodies about 1/4 of an inch in length.
Their color can vary from red and brown to copper colored.
Young bed bugs are very small.
Their bodies are about 1/16 of an inch in length.
They have almost no color.
When a bed bug feeds, its body swells, may lengthen, and becomes bright red, sometimes
making it appear to be a different insect.
Bed bugs do not fly.
They can either crawl or be carried from place to place on objects, people, or animals
.
Bed bugs can be hard to find and identify because they are tiny and try to stay hidden
.
Life Cycle and Reproduction: An average bed bug lives for about 10 months.
Female bed bugs lay one to five eggs per day.
Bed bugs grow to full adulthood in about 21 days.
Bed bugs can survive for months without feeding.
Bed Bug Bites: Because bed bugs usually feed at night, most people are bitten in
their sleep and do not realize they were bitten.
A person's reaction to insect bites is an immune response and so varies from person
to person.
Sometimes the red welts caused by the bites will not be noticed until many days after
a person was bitten, if at all.
Common signs and symptoms of a possible bed bug infestation: Small red to reddish
brown fecal spots on mattresses, box springs, bed frames, mattresses, linens,
upholstery, or walls.
Molted bed bug skins, white, sticky eggs, or empty eggshells.
Very heavily infested areas may have a characteristically sweet odor.
Red, itchy bite marks, especially on the legs, arms, and other body parts exposed
while sleeping.
However, some people do not show bed bug lesions on their bodies even though bed
bugs may have fed on them.
For more information, see the Internet Web sites of the United States Environmental
Protection Agency and the National Pest Management Association.
7.
Tenant shall report suspected infestations by bed bugs to the Housing Provider or
Property Manager at the mailing, or email address or phone number provided in the
Agreement and cooperate with any inspection for and treatment of bed bugs.
8.
Housing Provider will notify tenants of any units inspected by a pest control operator
of the findings by such an operator within 2 business days of the receipt of the findings
.
All Tenants will be notified of confirmed infestations within common areas.
Tenant agrees to release, indemnify, hold harmless and forever discharge Housing
Provider and Housing Provider's employees, agents, successors and assigns from any
and all claims, liabilities or causes of action of any kind that Tenant, members
of Tenant's household or Tenant's guests or invitees may have at any time against
Housing Provider or Housing Provider's agents resulting from the presence of bedbugs
due to Tenant's failure to comply with this Bed Bug Disclosure.
The foregoing terms and conditions are hereby agreed to, and the undersigned acknowledge
receipt of a copy of this document.
Tenant (Signature) Tenant (Signature) Jen BB drita Date 9/463 Jennifer Burbank
James Burbank Date 9/4/23 -DocuSigned by: Housing Provider (Signature) X B Bradford
M.
Martinez -DocuSigned by: Housing Provider (Signature) X Vicki Martines Vicki Lynn
Mártinez Date 8/28/2023 | 2:36:54 Date 8/29/2023 | 8:32:19 © 2023, California Association
of REALTORS®, Inc.
United States copyright law (Title 17 U.S.
Code) forbids the unauthorized distribution, display and reproduction of this form
, or any portion thereof, by photocopy machine or any other means, including facsimile
or computerized formats.
THIS FORM HAS BEEN APPROVED BY THE CALIFORNIA ASSOCIATION OF REALTORS®.
NO REPRESENTATION IS MADE AS TO THE LEGAL VALIDITY OR ACCURACY OF ANY PROVISION IN
ANY SPECIFIC TRANSACTION.
A REAL ESTATE BROKER IS THE PERSON QUALIFIED TO ADVISE ON REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS
.
IF YOU DESIRE LEGAL OR TAX ADVICE, CONSULT AN APPROPRIATE PROFESSIONAL.
This form is made available to real estate professionals through an agreement with
or purchase from the California Association of REALTORS®.
It is not intended to identify the user as a REALTOR®, REALTOR® is a registered collective
membership mark which may be used only by members of the NATIONAL ASSOCIATION OF REALTORS®
who subscribe to its Code of Ethics.
L Published and Distributed by: K REAL ESTATE BUSINESS SERVICES, LLC.
L B a subsidiary of the CALIFORNIA ASSOCIATION OF REALTORS® S ■ 525 South Virgil Avenue
, Los Angeles, California 90020 EQUAL HOUSING OPPORTUNITY BBD REVISED 6/23 (PAGE
1 OF 1) BED BUG DISCLOSURE (BBD PAGE 1 OF 1) Coldwell Banker, 388 S.
Lake Ave Pasadena CA 91101 Marisol Grier Phone: (626)487-6849 Produced with Lone
Wolf Transactions (zipForm Edition) 717 N Harwood St, Suite 2200, Dallas, TX
75201 Fax: (626)440-0455 www.lwolf.com 518 N Stoneman

DocuSign Envelope ID: BEBBB34E - 2815-40EE - A88B - 704908D522A5 CALIFORNIA ASSOCIATION
OF REALTORS® TENANT FLOOD HAZARD DISCLOSURE (C.A.R.
Form TFHD, Revised 6/23) COLDWELL BANKER REALTY The following terms and conditions
are hereby incorporated in and made a part of the Residential Lease or Month - to-
Month Rental Agreement, OR ■ Residential Lease After Sale, ■ Other dated 08/25/2023
on property known as in which and 518 N Stoneman Ave.
, Alhambra, California 91801 is referred to as (" Tenant ") Bradford M.
Martinez, Vicki Lynn Martinez is referred to as (" Housing Provider ").
INFORMATION ABOUT FLOOD HAZARDS: Tenant is informed of the following: 1.
The Property is not located in a special flood hazard area or an area of potential
flooding.
OR The Property is located in a special flood hazard area or an area of potential
flooding.
Property is deemed to be in a special flood hazard area or area of potential flooding
if any of the following scenarios apply: A.
The owner has actual knowledge of that fact.
B.
The owner has received written notice from any public agency stating that the Property
is located in a special flood hazard area or an area of potential flooding.
C.
The Property is located in an area in which the owner's mortgage holder requires the
owner to carry flood insurance.
D.
The owner currently carries flood insurance.
2.
The tenant may obtain information about hazards, including flood hazards, that may
affect the Property from the Internet Web site of the Office of Emergency Services
, My Hazards Tool (http://myhazards.caloes.ca.gov).
3.
The owner's insurance does not cover the loss of the tenant's personal possessions
and it is recommended that the tenant consider purchasing renter's insurance and flood
insurance to insure his or her possessions from loss due to fire, flood, or other
risk of loss.
4.
The owner is not required to provide additional information concerning the flood hazards
to the Property and that the information provided pursuant to this section (California
Government Code section 8589.45) is deemed to inform the tenant.
The foregoing terms and conditions are hereby agreed to, and the undersigned acknowledge
receipt of a copy of this document.
Tenant (Signature) Tenant (Signature) James Burbank Date 9/4/23 G.
Jemifor Burbank Date 9/4/23 DocuSigned by: Housing Provider (Signature) X B Bradford
M.
Martinez -DocuSigned by: Housing Provider (Signature) X Vicki Martines Date 8/28/2023
| 2:36:54 F Date 8/29/2023 | 8:32:19 F Vicki Lynn Martinez © 2023, California Association
of REALTORS®, Inc.
United States copyright law (Title 17 U.S.
Code) forbids the unauthorized distribution, display and reproduction of this form
, or any portion thereof, by photocopy machine or any other means, including facsimile
or computerized formats.
THIS FORM HAS BEEN APPROVED BY THE CALIFORNIA ASSOCIATION OF REALTORS®.
NO REPRESENTATION IS MADE AS TO THE LEGAL VALIDITY OR ACCURACY OF ANY PROVISION IN
ANY SPECIFIC TRANSACTION.
A REAL ESTATE BROKER IS THE PERSON QUALIFIED TO ADVISE ON REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS
.
IF YOU DESIRE LEGAL OR TAX ADVICE, CONSULT AN APPROPRIATE PROFESSIONAL.
This form is made available to real estate professionals through an agreement with
or purchase from the California Association of REALTORS®.
It is not intended to identify the user as a REALTOR®, REALTOR® is a registered collective
membership mark which may be used only by members of the NATIONAL ASSOCIATION OF REALTORS®
who subscribe to its Code of Ethics.
R L Published and Distributed by: REAL ESTATE BUSINESS SERVICES, LLC.
L B C a subsidiary of the CALIFORNIA ASSOCIATION OF REALTORS® 525 South Virgil Avenue
, Los Angeles, California 90020 TFHD Revised 6/23 (PAGE 1 OF 1) Coldwell Banker
, 388 S.
Lake Ave Pasadena CA 91101 Marisol Grier EQUAL HOUSING OPPORTUNITY TENANT FLOOD HAZARD
DISCLOSURE (TFHD PAGE 1 OF 1) Phone: (626)487-6849 Produced with Lone Wolf Transactions
(zipForm Edition) 717 N Harwood St, Suite 2200, Dallas, TX 75201 Fax: (626)440-0455
www.lwolf.com 518 N Stoneman

DocuSign Envelope ID: BEBBB34E - 2815-40EE - A88B - 704908D522A5 WTWIS VVVI CALIFORNIA
ASSOCIATION OF REALTORS® TVVMI WT LIVING ' PARKING AND STORAGE DISCLOSURE (C.A.R.
Form PSD, Revised 6/23) G COLDWELL BANKER REALTY This disclosure is made in connection
with the Purchase Agreement or ■ other Lease Listing Agreement (" Agreement "),
dated 08/25/2023 on property known as 518 N Stoneman Ave.
between and Bradford M.
Martinez, Vicki Lynn Martinez (" Property ") (" Buyer / Tenant ") (" Seller
/ Housing Provider ") Parking is not intended to be included with the Property.
■ Separate storage is not intended to be included with the If applicable, Seller
has been using parking space # If applicable, Seller has been using storage space
# Property.
This is a disclosure only.
Right to parking or storage, if any, is determined by the Agreement, and if Property
is in a planned development or covered by a Home Owner Association, the governing
documents.
1.
Buyer / Tenant is advised to personally inspect the actual size, shape, numbering
, location, and accessibility of the actual parking space (s) or storage area (
s).
As vehicle sizes and shapes vary greatly, the actual size, shape, numbering, location
, and accessibility of the actual parking space (s) may not accommodate Buyer's
/ Tenant's needs.
Seller / Housing Provider and Broker (s) do not warrant that such space (s) or
storage areas are suitable for Buyer / Tenant's intended use or meet any minimum requirements
.
2.
If the Property is located in a multi - unit building or any other planned development
, the governing documents for the Property, such as the deed, the condominium map
/ plan, the covenants, conditions and restrictions, tenancy - in - common agreement
, or equivalent document, should contain a description and drawing of all assigned
parking and storage spaces.
However, the size, shape, numbering, location and accessibility of the designated
parking and storage area (s) shown within the governing documents are not always
accurate, even if drawn by a licensed surveyor.
There may be differences between the descriptions in the governing documents and the
actual size, shape, numbering, location and accessibility of the parking spaces
and storage areas and between what is assigned and what is being used.
3.
Seller / Housing Provider further discloses the following: Closet space in garage
is not included.
DocuSigned by: Seller / Housing Provider B....
Seller / Housing Provider Vicki Martines 73EB4C38E37A4AA 4.
Buyer / Tenant acknowledges that Buyer / Tenant has:  Bradford M.
Martinez Date: 8/28/2023 | 2:36:!
Vicki Lynn Martinez Date: 8/29/2023 | 8:32:: Reviewed the governing documents and
ensured the parking space (s) or storage area (s) are accurately identified;
Read all disclosures relating to the parking space (s) or storage area (s) provided
by Seller / Housing Provider;
Personally inspected the size, shape, numbering, location, and accessibility of
the actual parking space (s) and storage area (s);
Determined that the parking spaces (s) or storage area (s) are suitable for Buyer's
/ Tenant's intended use (s).
If it is a parking space, Buyer / Tenant has inspected the parking space to ensure
that it can accommodate the vehicle (s) that Buyer / Tenant intends to park in the
parking space;
Ensured that the governing documents provide for rights of passage to and from the
parking space and storage space, if Buyer / Tenant must pass through another owner's
assigned space (s) in order to access Buyer's / Tenant's parking space (s) or
storage area (s);
and Has found no discrepancy between the parking space (s) or storage area (s)
as shown in the governing documents and the respective actual size, shape, numbering
, location, and accessibility or, if Buyer / Tenant has found such a discrepancy
, Buyer / Tenant acknowledges that such discrepancy is not material to this purchase
or lease.
By signing below, Buyer acknowledges Buyer has received, read, and understands
this Parking and Storage Disclosure form Buyer / Tenant Buyer / Tenant Jennifer Burbank
James Burbank Date 9/4/23 Date 9/4/23 © 2023, California Association of REALTORS®
, Inc.
United States copyright law (Title 17 U.S.
Code) forbids the unauthorized distribution, display and reproduction of this form
, or any portion thereof, by photocopy machine or any other means, including facsimile
or computerized formats.
THIS FORM HAS BEEN APPROVED BY THE CALIFORNIA ASSOCIATION OF REALTORS®.
NO REPRESENTATION IS MADE AS TO THE LEGAL VALIDITY OR ACCURACY OF ANY PROVISION IN
ANY SPECIFIC TRANSACTION.
A REAL ESTATE BROKER IS THE PERSON QUALIFIED TO ADVISE ON REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS
.
IF YOU DESIRE LEGAL OR TAX ADVICE, CONSULT AN APPROPRIATE PROFESSIONAL.
This form is made available to real estate professionals through an agreement with
or purchase from the California Association of REALTORS®.
It is not intended to identify the user as a REALTOR®.
REALTOR® is a registered collective membership mark which may be used only by members
of the NATIONAL ASSOCIATION OF REALTORS® who subscribe to its Code of Ethics.
R L Published and Distributed by: E REAL ESTATE BUSINESS SERVICES, LLC.
L B a subsidiary of the CALIFORNIA ASSOCIATION OF REALTORS® C 525 South Virgil Avenue
, Los Angeles, California 90020 PSD REVISED 6/23 (PAGE 1 OF 1) EQUAL HOUSING OPPORTUNITY
PARKING AND STORAGE DISCLOSURE (PSD PAGE 1 OF 1) Coldwell Banker, 388 S.
Lake Ave Pasadena CA 91101 Marisol Grier Phone: (626)487-6849 Produced with Lone
Wolf Transactions (zipForm Edition) 717 N Harwood St, Suite 2200, Dallas, TX
75201 Fax: (626)440-0455 www.lwolf.com 518 N Stoneman

DocuSign Envelope ID: BEBBB34E - 2815-40EE - A88B - 704908D522A5 1.
2.
3.
4.
5.
CALIFORNIA ASSOCIATION OF REALTORS® WILDFIRE DISASTER ADVISORY (For use with properties
in or around areas affected by a wildfire) (C.A.R.
Form WFDA, Revised 6/22) G COLDWELL BANKER REALTY WILDFIRE DISASTERS: Buyer / Lessee
is aware that as a result of recent wildfire disasters there are current and unresolved
health and safety concerns related to the aftermath and clean - up of the wildfire
disaster areas, as well as unknown and possible future concerns related to the rebuilding
of infrastructure in the affected areas of the wildfires.
Unfortunately, the impact of wildfires has not been limited to the fire areas themselves
.
Many areas have had air quality impacted by smoke and air particulates from distant
fires.
Additionally, fires continue to occur in previously unaffected areas.
Fires may be an issue throughout the state of California.
WILDFIRE DISASTER CONCERNS AND ISSUES: The following non - exhaustive list represents
concerns and issues that may impact Buyer / Lessee decisions about purchasing or leasing
property impacted by a wildfire disaster, both currently and in the future.
It is not intended to be, nor can it be, a check list for all issues that might
arise when purchasing or leasing property impacted by a wildfire disaster;
concerns and issues include, but are not limited to: A.
Insurance related issues such as past claims, the importance of identifying the insurability
of the property, and the availability and the cost of insurance as early in the process
as possible;
B.
Lot clearing costs and requirements;
toxic materials analysis, debris removal requirements;
C.
Whether the home has been fire hardened, and if so to what extent, to help reduce
the risk of the structure catching fire;
D.
Local, state and federal requirements for cleanup and building approvals;
E.
Air quality, soil quality, and any other environmental or personal health concerns
, even after the wildfire event has ended;
F.
Timelines, costs and requirements when obtaining required permits for building and
utilities installation;
G.
Availability of and access to electricity, gas, sewer and other public or private
utility services;
H.
Water delivery / potability;
septic and / or sewer design;
requirements and construction costs;
I.
J.
Potential redesign of streets and infrastructure including possible eminent domain
, land condemnation and / or acquisition;
Inconvenience and delays due to road construction and unavailability of various goods
, systems, or services;
and K.
Impact that federal, state or local disaster declarations may have on materials prices
, costs and rents.
BUYER / LESSEE ADVISORIES: Buyer / Lessee is advised: A.
To check early in your transaction to determine if you are able to obtain insurance
on the property.
B.
To investigate to their own satisfaction any and all concerns of Buyer / Lessee about
the intended use of the property.
C.
That the area of the wildfire disaster will likely be under construction for a protracted
period of time after a fire, and Buyer / Lessee may be inconvenienced by delays,
traffic congestion, noise, dust, intermittent utilities availability.
D.
That due to the extraordinary catastrophe of a wildfire, there may be changes and
variations in local, state or federal laws, codes, or requirements throughout the
ongoing process of planning and rebuilding in the wildfire disaster area.
E.
That some insurers have reduced or cancelled offerings for fire insurance or increased
costs that impact a Buyer / Lessees ability to afford or qualify for loans or meet
income ratios for rentals.
F.
That if you are not able to obtain fire insurance and have removed property investigation
or loan contingencies you may be in breach of the purchase or rental agreement.
RESOURCES: Below is a non - exhaustive list of potential resources provided as a
starting point for Buyer / Lessee investigations and not as an endorsement or guarantee
that any federal, state, county, city or other resource will provide complete advice
.
A.
California Department of Insurance " Wildfire Resource " http://insurance.ca.gov/01-consumers/140-catastrophes
MildfireResources.cfm;
1-800-927-4357 B.
Governor's Office of Emergency Services " Cal OES " California Wildfires Statewide
Recovery Resources https://wildfirerecovery.caloes.ca.gov/ C.
California Department of Forestry and Fire (" Cal Fire ") https://calfire.ca.gov/
and https://www.readyforwildfire.org/ D.
California Department of Transportation https://calsta.ca.gov/ E.
California Attorney General https://oag.ca.gov/consumers/pricegougingduring disasters
# 8C1 F.
The American Institute of Architects " Wildfire Recovery Resources " https://aia.org/pages/165776-wildfire-recovery-resources
G.
Buyer / Lessee is advised to check all local municipalities (County, City, and
/ or Town where the property is located) for additional resources.
FIRE HARDENING AND DEFENSIBLE SPACE ADVISORY: A.
California law requires certain disclosures be made concerning a property's compliance
with safeguards that may minimize the risk of a structure on the property catching
fire (fire hardening) and that an agreement be reached concerning compliance with
requirements that the area surrounding structures be maintained to minimize the risk
of the spread of wildfires (defensible space).
The fire hardening and defensible space laws only apply if, among other requirements
, the property is located in either a high or very high fire hazard severity zone
.
If there exists a final inspection report covering fire hardening or defensible space
compliance, such a report may need to be provided to the buyer.
C.A.R.
Form FHDS may be used to satisfy the legal requirements.
B.
WHERE TO LOCATE INFORMATION: Seller has the obligation to determine if compliance
with the fire hardening and defensible space requirements are applicable to Seller
and the property.
It may be possible to determine if a property is in a high or very high fire hazard
severity zone by consulting with a natural hazard zone disclosure company or reviewing
the company's report.
This information may also be available through a local agency where this information
should have been filed.
2022, California Association of REALTORS®, Inc.
WFDA REVISED 6/22 (PAGE 1 OF 2) WILDFIRE DISASTER ADVISORY (WFDA PAGE 1 OF 2)
Coldwell Banker Realty - Pasadena, 388 S Lake Ave.
Pasadena CA 91101 Phone: (213)290-3678 Johnny Aragon Produced with Lone Wolf Transactions
(zipForm Edition) 717 N Harwood St, Suite 2200, Dallas, TX 75201 EQUAL HOUSING
OPPORTUNITY Fax: (626)440-0455 www.lwolf.com 518 N Stoneman

DocuSign Envelope ID: BEBBB34E - 2815-40EE - A88B - 704908D522A5 6.
C.
Even if the Property is not in either of the zones specified above, or if the Seller
is unable to determine whether the Property is in either of those zones, if the Property
is in or near a mountainous area, forest - covered lands, brush covered lands,
grass- covered lands or land that is covered with flammable material, a Seller may
choose to make the disclosures because a Buyer might consider the information material
.
Reports in the Seller's possession that materially affect the value and desirability
of the property shall be Delivered as provided by the agreement.
BUYER / LESSEE ACKNOWLEDGEMENT: Buyer / Lessee understands that Real Estate Agents
and Real Estate Brokers have no authority or expertise for providing guidance through
the process of investigating the concerns described herein.
Buyer / Lessee has an affirmative duty to exercise reasonable care in protecting themselves
.
Buyer / Lessee has read and understands this Advisory.
By signing below, Buyer / Lessee acknowledges receipt of a copy of this Advisory
.
■■■ Buyer / Lessee ✗ Jennifer Burbank Buyer / Lessee ✗ James Burbank Date Date 9/4/23
9/4/23 2022, California Association of REALTORS®, Inc.
United States copyright law (Title 17 U.S.
Code) forbids the unauthorized distribution, display and reproduction of this form
, or any portion thereof, by photocopy machine or any other means, including facsimile
or computerized formats.
THIS FORM HAS BEEN APPROVED BY THE CALIFORNIA ASSOCIATION OF REALTORS®.
NO REPRESENTATION IS MADE AS TO THE LEGAL VALIDITY OR ACCURACY OF ANY PROVISION IN
ANY SPECIFIC TRANSACTION.
A REAL ESTATE BROKER IS THE PERSON QUALIFIED TO ADVISE ON REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS
.
IF YOU DESIRE LEGAL OR TAX ADVICE, CONSULT AN APPROPRIATE PROFESSIONAL.
This form is made available to real estate professionals through an agreement with
or purchase from the California Association of REALTORS®.
It is not intended to identify the user as a REALTOR®.
REALTOR® is a registered collective membership mark which may be used only by members
of the NATIONAL ASSOCIATION OF REALTORS® who subscribe to its Code of Ethics.
A L Published and Distributed by: REAL ESTATE BUSINESS SERVICES, LLC.
L a subsidiary of the CALIFORNIA ASSOCIATION OF REALTORS® C 525 South Virgil Avenue
, Los Angeles, California 90020 WFDA REVISED 6/22 (PAGE 2 OF 2) WILDFIRE DISASTER
ADVISORY (WFDA PAGE 2 OF 2) Produced with Lone Wolf Transactions (zipForm Edition
) 717 N Harwood St.
Suite 2200, Dallas, TX 75201 www.lwolf.com 518 N Stoneman EQUAL HOUSING OPPORTUNITY

DocuSign Envelope ID: BEBBB34E - 2815-40EE - A88B - 704908D522A5 I found the booklet
, The Homeowner's Guide to Environmental Hazards and Earthquake Safety (with gas
shut - off valve update) which includes the Federal Lead booklet and Toxic Mold Update
: Helpful Too detailed Not detailed enough Clearly written Confusing | The booklet
helped me to locate earthquake weaknesses in my home.
| I have strengthened my home to resist earthquakes.
I plan to fix my home's earthquake weaknesses.
The booklet helped me find out that my home did not have any earthquake weaknesses
.
The year my home was built was Comments: We Want To Hear From You!
California Seismic Safety Commission 1900 K Street, Suite 100 Sacramento, California
95814-4186 To Whom It May Concern: I have received a copy of the Environmental Hazards
and Earthquake Safety (with gas shut - off valve update) which includes the Federal
Lead booklet and Toxic Mold Update, and Home Energy Rating booklet.
Property Address: 518 N Stoneman Avenue, Alhambra, CA 91801 Date 9/4/23 Time 4:09
PM c Date 9/4/23 Time 4:09 pm (Buyer's signature) Date 19/4/23 (Buyer's signature
) (Buyer's Agent's signature) Johnny Aragon (printed name) ■ Jennifer Burbank
(printed name) James Burbank (printed name) Coldwell Banker Realty (Broker's
name) NOTE: For applicable transactions, it is also necessary to complete C.A.R.
Standard form FLD - 11 (Lead - based paint and Lead - based paint Hazards Addendum
, Disclosure and Acknowledgement.
) ALL SIGNERS SHOULD RETAIN A COPYOF THIS PAGE FOR THEIR RECORDS California Civil
Code Section 2079.10 states that if the HERS booklet is provided to the Buyer by the
Seller or Broker, then this booklet is deemed to be adequate to inform the home buyer
about the existence of California Home Energy Rating Program.
Revised 09/10 Official C.A.R.
* Publication 09/10 To Whom It May Concern: I have received a copy of the Environmental
Hazards and Earthquake Safety (with gas shut - off valve update) which includes
the Federal Lead booklet and Toxic Mold Update, and Home Energy Rating booklet.
Property Address: 518 N Stoneman Avenue Alhambra, CA 91801 Date 9/5/2023 | 11:04:59
AM PDT Date 2/5/2023 11:51:50 AM PDT DocuSigned by: Date 9/5/2023 | 12:46: Maorier
(Selle cu Signed B58340B signature) Vicki Martines Se Grier (Seller's 70265557
) (printed name) Bradford M.
Martinez (printed name) Vicki Martinez (printed name).
Coldwell Banker Realty (Broker's name) NOTE: For applicable transactions, it is
also necessary to complete C.A.R.
Standard form FLD - 11 (Lead - based paint and Lead - based paint Hazards Addendum
, Disclosure and Acknowledgement.
) ALL SIGNERS SHOULD RETAIN A COPYOF THIS PAGE FOR THEIR RECORDS California Civil
Code Section 2079.10 states that if the HERS booklet is provided to the Buyer by the
Seller or Broker, then this booklet is deemed to be adequate to inform the home buyer
about the existence of California Home Energy Rating Program.
Revised 09/10 Official C.A.R.
* Publication 09/10 Fax: (626)440-0455 518 N Stoneman Coldwell Banker Realty - Pasadena
, 388 S Lake Ave, Pasadena CA 91101 Phone: (213)290-3678 Johnny Aragon Produced
with Lone Wolf Transactions (zipForm Edition) 717 N Harwood St, Suite 2200, Dallas
, TX 75201 www.lwolf.com

DocuSign Envelope ID: BEBBB34E - 2815-40EE - A88B - 704908D522A5 Information on Dampness
and Mold for Renters in California Main points: Living in damp or moldy buildings
increases the chances of respiratory problems like asthma.
The critical warning signs are visible mold, water damage, damp materials, or mold
smell.
 Dampness is needed for mold to grow, so if you control the dampness, you control
the mold.
 Dampness or mold indoors may make housing substandard, per the California Health
& Safety Code.
This booklet describes the increased risks to health, including specific health issues
, that may result from exposures to dampness or mold in buildings.
This booklet was produced in January 2021 by the California Department of Public Health
(CDPH) in accordance with the 2001 Toxic Mold Protection Act (HSC §26148).
Coldwell Banker, 388 S.
Lake Ave Pasadena CA 91101 Marisol Grier Phone: (626)487-6849 Produced with Lone
Wolf Transactions (zipForm Edition) 717 N Harwood St, Suite 2200, Dallas, TX
75201 Fax: (626)440-0455 www.lwolf.com 518 N Stoneman

DocuSign Envelope ID: BEBBB34E - 2815-40EE - A88B - 704908D522A5 Health Problems
from Damp or Moldy Buildings Living or working in damp or moldy buildings increases
the risk of many harmful health problems, including:  asthma attacks in people
who already have asthma a new asthma diagnosis.
respiratory infections, such as bronchitis  breathing symptoms, such as hay fever
, sneezing, stuffy nose, sore throat, wheezing, breathing difficulty, or cough
eczema or skin rash Mold can affect people differently.
How much a person is affected depends on how sensitive they are and on how much they
are exposed.
Damp or moldy buildings are linked to health problems in people even if they do not
have allergies.
Signs of Dampness or Mold Signs of dampness or mold that may cause health problems
include:  visible mold (regardless of color), such as on walls or ceilings,
behind furniture or appliances, under carpets, or even hidden in areas not seen
in the occupied areas of homes  mold odor, noticed as an earthy, musty, or moldy
smell  visible water damage, such as water - stains or discoloration on walls or
ceilings, peeling or bubbled paint, warped floors, or rotting wood  damp or moist
materials, including condensation on windows or walls Any one of these signs indicates
increased risks to health, and the more that any of them are present, the greater
the risk of health problems.
Tests that identify the types of mold or the amounts of mold in buildings are not
useful in telling us about the health risks.
This is why CDPH does not recommend testing for mold, such as measuring mold spores
in the air.
Page 2 of 4 Produced with Lone Wolf Transactions (zipForm Edition) 717 N Harwood
St, Suite 2200, Dallas, TX 75201 www.lwolf.com 518 N Stoneman

DocuSign Envelope ID: BEBBB34E - 2815-40EE - A88B - 704908D522A5 Causes of Building
Dampness that Can Allow Mold to Grow The dampness that is necessary for indoor mold
to grow can come from either inside or outside a building.
Indoor sources include: leaking or burst water pipes, for instance under sinks inside
walls not enough venting to the outside by open windows or exhaust fans in places
where water is used or moisture is produced (for example, bathrooms, laundry areas
, kitchens, and water heaters) condensation (water droplets) on cold surfaces
, including windows Outdoor sources include:  water coming in through leaky roofs
or poorly - sealed windows, or from flooding damp, exposed dirt in crawl spaces
 outdoor surfaces that slope and drain water toward a building, including from a
downspout Fixing Dampness and Mold Problems The California Health & Safety Code (
HSC §17920.3) says that when dampness or visible mold (or certain other conditions
) in a home is a hazard to the health of occupants, the home is substandard and the
property owner must fix the conditions.
The Code excludes mold that is " minor and found on surfaces that accumulate moisture
as part of their properly functioning and intended use.
" CDPH recommends fixing dampness and mold problems as follows:  identifying and
correcting the source of any water that may allow mold to grow rapid drying or removal
of damp materials cleaning or removing mold and moldy materials as rapidly and safely
as possible Note: if a moldy area is simply bleached, cleaned, or painted over
- without fixing the source of the dampness - the mold is likely to grow again.
Page 3 of 4 Produced with Lone Wolf Transactions (zipForm Edition) 717 N Harwood
St, Suite 2200.
Dallas, TX 75201 www.lwolf.com 518 N Stoneman

DocuSign Envelope ID: BEBBB34E - 2815-40EE - A88B - 704908D522A5 Renters in California
The California Health & Safety Code requires property owners to provide a rental unit
that is safe and healthy for the people living in it.
Prospective renters should look for obvious conditions that show dampness or mold
, and also less obvious signs like water leaks under the kitchen and bathroom sinks
or moldy odor in a sealed - up home.
Also look for conditions likely to cause future problems, like a bathroom that has
no working vent fan or no window that opens, or a clothes dryer without an outside
vent.
For renters who suspect there is dampness or mold: 1.
Tell the property owner or manager.
Early detection and correction of the dampness and mold problems can reduce the risks
to your health and prevent the problem from getting worse.
2.
If your property owner will not respond to your concerns in a reasonable amount of
time, contact your local (city or county) code enforcement agency and ask for a
code enforcement officer to inspect for violations.
Many dampness or mold problems in rental homes are the responsibility of the property
owner and must be addressed by them.
However, a code enforcement officer may determine that dampness or mold in a building
results from a tenant's actions or inactions - for instance, not using available
bathroom ventilation during showers.
3.
If the local inspector determines there is a violation, they can require the property
owner to correct the problem.
Additional Resources For general information on dampness and mold and a list of local
code enforcement agencies, with a focus on dampness and mold, see www.cdph.ca.gov/iaq/mold
.
To see an animated video series, Mold in the Home, visit www.cdph.ca.gov/mold.
Property owners must provide a rental unit that is safe and healthy for the people
living in it.
Tenants must notify property owners of any dampness or mold problems.
CDPH Page 4 of 4 Produced with Lone Wolf Transactions (zipForm Edition) 717 N Harwood
St, Suite 2200, Dallas, TX 75201 www.lwolf.com 518 N Stoneman

Exhibit 2

60 Day Notice to Quit To: JAMES STEVEN BURBANK, JENNIFER BURBANK, AND ALL OTHERS
IN POSSESSION, PLEASE TAKE NOTICE that your occupancy of the PREMISES located at
518 N STONEMAN AVE.
, ALHAMBRA, CALIFORNIA 91801, LOS ANGELES COUNTY is hereby terminated sixty (60
) days after service upon you of this notice.
YOU ARE HEREBY REQUIRED to vacate and move your belongings by the above stated time
period.
This Notice is being served pursuant to California Civil Code 1946.2 (2) (A) (
i) because the Landlord seeks in good faith to occupy the residential real property
by the owner's father Robert L.
Fernandez.
YOU ARE ALSO HERBY NOTIFIED that according to California Civil Code 1946.2 (A) (
iv) you may request proof that the intended occupant is an owner or related to the
owner as defined in subclause (II) of clause (viii).
The proof shall be provided upon request and may include an operating agreement and
other non - public documents.
YOUR FAILURE TO VACATE within said time period will result in local proceedings against
you to recover possession of the subject premises described above, attorneys ' fees
, court costs, and penalty damages of $ 600.00 under Section 1174 of the California
Code of Civil Procedure.
NOTICE: You are entitled to relocation assistance pursuant to Civil Code Section
1946.2 (d) (3).
Landlord agrees to waive last month's rent.
State law permits former tenants to reclaim abandoned personal property left at the
former address of the tenant, subject to certain conditions.
You may or may not be able to reclaim property without incurring additional costs
, depending on the cost of storing property and the length of time before it is reclaimed
.
In general, these costs will be lower the sooner you contact your former landlord
after being notified that property belonging to you was left behind when you moved
out.
January 29, 2025 Landlord: Brad Martinez

Exhibit 3

We will cover the cost of the forward if the tolet needs to be serviced again for
the same responsibility our Thank you for the update remind guests and the little
one to not flush them down the That is more than fair.
Thank you for prompt repair.
Enjoy the holiday,

Any update on the toilet?
Hives.
The plumber just finished.
The toilet was replaced, but the water was st backing up.
We moved to the drain next step of cleaning the di Tha large quantity of baby wipes
This was the cause of the should now.
We will need to request that no more wipes go down the tolet as that will only cause
the problem to reoccur.
We will cover the cost of the repairs today but moving serviced again for the same
reason it will be your responsibility Message

Exhibit 4

Feel free to let yourself in I inspected the area behind the coming from the seal
between Mushing.
I tightened the bolts and didn't see any more drips.
I placed a fresh paper towel behind the toilet so we can and bolts in the In the meantime
, let me know it on the paper towel.
Thank you Will do.
Thanks.
Hi James and Jennifer.
We wanted to check in on

Toilet is leaking in the master bathroom Ok, thanks for difficult to see picture
.
I can stop by at 10 to take a look.
Let me know if that time is not good

Hi James and Jennifer We wanted to check in on a few things: how is the tolet situation
Have you noticed any more vater bet 2 our contract start the repair work on the water
damage and He can do the outside work first, at the end of this week Do that work
for you?
Thank you We have not noticed What exact day would the contractor be working outside
and inside?
Overall, what is the Message

Exhibit 5

136 E.
SANTA CLARA # 1 Western ARCADIA, CA 91006 Supreme PHONE # 626-448-6455 Rooter FAX
626-446-0690 Bill To BRAD MARTINEZ 518 N Stoneman Ave Alhambra, CA 91801 Job Address
518 N Stoneman Ave Alhambra, CA 91801 Invoice Date Invoice # 2/27/2025 193434 P.O.
No.
Terms Rep Job Date Serviceman UPON RECEIPT JCA 2/27/2025 CHARLIE Description Leak
detection.
And drain testing.
Was able to correctly locate and show the client which pipes were his and where they
are coming out from.
Replacement of 5 feet of over head cast iron and a 3x2x3 combination tee.
Pipe was cracked along the top.
Replaced with heavy duty bands and torqued correctly.
Please view our terms and conditions on link below.
https://westernrooter.com/terms/ Amount 1,250.00 Total $ 1,250.00 Payments / Credits
$ 0.00 Balance Due $ 1,250.00

Exhibit 6

3/30/25, 8:50 PM Gmail Status of Repairs M Gmail Status of Repairs Stoneman < 518stoneman@gmail.com
> Stoneman < 518stoneman@gmail.com > Thu, Mar 6, 2025 at 3:39 PM To: Jen Barreda
< jenbarreda@yahoo.com >, " Jamesburbank91 @ Gmail " < jamesburbank91@gmail.com >
M / M Burbank, In response to your reported issues, we are providing the following
updates: Garage Leak (Northeast corner) ■ Broken sprinkler line discovered March
4 and repaired March 6.
■ Plumbers diagnosed garage leak to be related to clogged planter box drain located
on the above patio.
■ Plumber attempted to clear drain with conventional plumbing methods (snaking and
pressure) but was unsuccessful on March 6.
■ Plumber to document suggested steps for remediation.
■ Additional plumbing estimates to be gathered and a repair schedule to be announced
.
Wall Repair in Garage Stairwell ■ Contractor scraped the peeling paint and applied
a skim coat on March 6.
■ Contractor will return to apply a texture coat and paint on a date to be announced
.
Front Entryway Flooring & Tenant - Provided " Flagged " Sections of Flooring ■ Contractor
assessed entryway flooring on February 27 and identified areas to be improved.
■ Contractor will replace specific sections of front entryway flooring and sections
of the coat closet on a date to be announced.
° Contractor assessed the landing area of the stairwell leading to the garage (in
all areas flagged by tenants) on March 6 and found no evidence of structural impairment
.
■ Upstairs areas flagged by tenants on carpeted flooring of the landing and children's
bedroom were inspected by landlord Brad Martinez on March 6.
No structural issue was discovered.
Please reply with any questions.
https: //mail.google.com/mail/u/0/?
ik = 5fc72daa60 & view = pt & search = all & permmsgid - msg - a: r8833981351911442029
& simpl = msg - a: r8833981351911442...
1/1

