Superior Court of California, County of Los Angeles ALTERNATIVE DISPUTE RESOLUTION
(ADR) INFORMATION PACKAGE THE PLAINTIFF MUST SERVE THIS ADR INFORMATION PACKAGE
ON EACH PARTY WITH THE COMPLAINT.
CROSS - COMPLAINANTS must serve this ADR Information Package on any new parties named
to the action with the cross - complaint.
What is ADR?
ADR helps people find solutions to their legal disputes without going to trial.
The main types of ADR are negotiation, mediation, arbitration, and settlement conferences
.
When ADR is done by phone, videoconference or computer, it may be called Online
Dispute Resolution (ODR).
These alternatives to litigation and trial are described below.
Advantages of ADR  Saves Time: ADR is faster than going to trial.
 Saves Money: Parties can save on court costs, attorney's fees, and witness fees
.
Keeps Control (with the parties): Parties choose their ADR process and provider
for voluntary ADR.
 Reduces Stress / Protects Privacy: ADR is done outside the courtroom, in private
offices, by phone or online.
Disadvantages of ADR Costs: If the parties do not resolve their dispute, they may
have to pay for ADR, litigation, and trial.
 No Public Trial: ADR does not provide a public trial or decision by a judge or
jury.
Main Types of ADR 1.
Negotiation: Parties often talk with each other in person, or by phone or online
about resolving their case with a settlement agreement instead of a trial.
If the parties have lawyers, they will negotiate for their clients.
2.
Mediation: In mediation, a neutral mediator listens to each person's concerns,
helps them evaluate the strengths and weaknesses of their case, and works with them
to try to create a settlement agreement that is acceptable to all.
Mediators do not decide the outcome.
Parties may go to trial if they decide not to settle.
Mediation may be appropriate when the parties want to work out a solution but need
help from a neutral person.
 have communication problems or strong emotions that interfere with resolution.
Mediation may not be appropriate when the parties  want a public trial and want a
judge or jury to decide the outcome.
lack equal bargaining power or have a history of physical / emotional abuse.
LASC CIV 271 Rev.
03/23 For Mandatory Use Page 1 of 2

How to Arrange Mediation in Los Angeles County Mediation for civil cases is voluntary
and parties may select any mediator they wish.
Options include: a.
The Civil Mediation Vendor Resource List If all parties in an active civil case agree
to mediation, they may contact these organizations to request a " Resource List Mediation
" for mediation at reduced cost or no cost (for selected cases).
 ADR Services, Inc.
Assistant Case Manager Janet Solis, janet@adrservices.com  (213) 683-1600 Mediation
Center of Los Angeles Program Manager info @ mediation LA.org (833) 476-9145 These
organizations cannot accept every case and they may decline cases at their discretion
.
They may offer online mediation by video conference for cases they accept.
Before contacting these organizations, review important information and FAQs at www.lacourt.org/ADR
.
Res.List NOTE: The Civil Mediation Vendor Resource List program does not accept family
law, probate, or small claims cases.
b.
Los Angeles County Dispute Resolution Programs.
Los Angeles County - funded agencies provide mediation services on the day of hearings
in small claims, unlawful detainer (eviction), civil harassment, and limited
civil (collections and non - collection) cases.
https://dcba.lacounty.gov/countywidedrp/ Online Dispute Resolution (ODR).
Parties in small claims and unlawful detainer (eviction) cases should carefully
review the Notice and other information they may receive about (ODR) requirements
for their case.
https://my.lacourt.org/odr/ C.
Mediators and ADR and Bar organizations that provide mediation may be found on the
internet.
3.
Arbitration: Arbitration is less formal than trial, but like trial, the parties
present evidence and arguments to the person who decides the outcome.
In “ binding ” arbitration, the arbitrator's decision is final;
there is no right to trial.
In “ nonbinding ” arbitration, any party can request a trial after the arbitrator's
decision.
For more information about arbitration, visit https://www.courts.ca.gov/programs-adr.htm
4.
Mandatory Settlement Conferences (MSC): MSCs are ordered by the Court and are often
held close to the trial date or on the day of trial.
The parties and their attorneys meet with a judge or settlement officer who does not
make a decision but who instead assists the parties in evaluating the strengths and
weaknesses of the case and in negotiating a settlement.
For information about the Court's MSC programs for civil cases, visit https://www.lacourt.org/division/civil/C10047.aspx
Los Angeles Superior Court ADR website: https://www.lacourt.org/division/civil/CI0109.aspx
For general information and videos about ADR, visit http://www.courts.ca.gov/programs-adr.htm
LASC CIV 271 Rev.
03/23 For Mandatory Use Page 2 of 2

