--- Page 1 ---
Jennifer Burbank - 518 North Stoneman Ave, Alhambra, CA 91801 September 8, 2023
- Move in date.
November 14, 2023 - I send Brad and Vicki a text message to let them know that toilet
of the restroom on the first floor (by the entry way and living room) is leaking
a lot of water.
I send 2 videos and 2 photos in group chat with James, Vicki and Brad.
We realize it must be the wax seals and let them know that James knows how to fix
it but to let us know if they want to come fix it or are okay with us fixing it.
Brad asks us if we turned off the water (we did) and states if James is comfortable
fixing it then he can do that and to let them know of the cost for materials so they
can reimburse us.
November 16, 2023 – They check in to see if the toilet has had any issues.
James's work schedule is extremely packed and he has not had a chance to look or repair
the toilet.
He has decided it's best to have a plumber come look at it and provide a quote and
be repaired with landlord approval.
In the meantime we are not using this toilet.
November 21, 2023 – Plumber from Roto - Rooter comes and quotes $ 220.
James asks if this is approved to move forward.
Brad confirms it is approved.
New wax seals are put in place but afterwards the toilet is filling up when flushing
.
The plumber uses the plunger and it is still clogged.
Plumber suggests a new toilet because it is old and quotes $ 650 to James.
James relays this information to Brad and the rest of the group via text message.

--- Page 2 ---
Jennifer Burbank - 518 North Stoneman Ave, Alhambra, CA 91801 Brad asks to come
and take a look at it for himself.
Brad comes to the unit to inspect the toilet and restroom.
He asks if he can come back tomorrow with his own plumber.
I confirm tomorrow (11/22) at 10am works for us.
November 22, 2023 – Brad comes to see the toilet and restroom again.
The plumber installs a new toilet and then lets us know that the water was still backing
up even after installation.
He said that after installing the new toilet, they decided to drain it with a drain
snake.
He said this resulted in a large quantity of baby wipes, which he says was the cause
of the clog.
He requested that we don't flush any baby wipes in the toilet and that if this issue
occurs again we will be responsible for the bill.
He also sent us a photo of an orange bucket with what he claims to be baby wipes that
were in the toilet.
February 4, 2024 - Raining heavily outside and noticed water in the unit.
Water coming from the front door, from inside the closet that is right by the entry
way.
The floor felt “ squishy " when you walked over it and you can see water seeping through
the spaces of the floor boards and the tiles in the restroom by the entry way as well
.
I messaged landlords to let them know and sent them pictures and videos of the water
in the unit.
I also let them know the garage ceiling was leaking water and sent them pictures of
that as well.
The dining room right by the patio sliding doors also saw some water entering the
unit and I sent them a photo and informed them of that as well.
Brad Martinez asked if he can come the next day and we said yes.

--- Page 3 ---
Jennifer Burbank - 518 North Stoneman Ave, Alhambra, CA 91801

--- Page 4 ---
Jennifer Burbank - 518 North Stoneman Ave, Alhambra, CA 91801 February 5, 2024
– Brad came to place sandbags around the front door and the side of the patio to prevent
any more water entering the unit.
He said he would let the storm pass and then remove the sandbags and figure out the
best way possible to dry the floor.
February 12, 2024 - Vicki messages us to ask when would be a good day to come and
access the water leak situation.
We agreed on next day (02/13/24 at 10am) February 13, 2024 - Brad comes to the
unit to inspect or access the unit.
According to Brad, he didn't detect any damage which was " good ".
He also stated that it appears to have dried well and he didn't find any obvious moisture
.
He said he was happy to install a large air mover for a few days.
He said to let him know of anything that he might have missed and that he would leave
the sandbags in place since we were expecting more rain the following week.
We declined the large air mover since the water had dried by this point since it had
been 9 days since the water first entered the unit.
With the sandbags in place, we did not notice any more water entering the unit as
it continued to rain.
I sent pictures of things that I noticed, because to me it was clear and obvious
that there was damage from the water and wanted to ensure it was documented.
I sent 4 photos to them of the baseboards which were clearly damaged and separating
from the wall.
James also sent 2 photos of one of our cameras that is inside and faces outside.
It had gotten wet and the camera slipped and fell off from the wall, along with the
paint of the wall.
The wall which has this window, appeared to have gotten moisture as well, it looked
like the wall had been " sweating " Brad and Vicki did not respond to any of these
photos or our messages about the damage we did detect, but Brad did not.
February 20, 2024 - It is raining again and we can hear water under the floor again
.
It sounds " squisjy " but we don't see water coming up like it was back on 2/4/24
.
We do not inform the landlords.
We took a video to document and plan to discuss another time, when the rain comes
to an end.
May 19 & 20, 2024 - We get a text from Brad asking if a contractor can come and assess
the unit for repairs that may need to be needed since the rainy season is over.
We agreed for Wednesday, May 22 at 10am.
- May 21, 2024 – Vicki messages us to confirm that May 22 at 10 am is still good
for the contractor to come by with Brad.
May 22, 2024 – One of the landlords (Brad Martinez) came to the unit with his contractor
to assess the water damages that occurred in late February 2024 when it rained heavily
.
We had water coming into the unit from the front door, under the floors near the
front door, patio door into the dining room and water from the walls also by the
front door.
While he was there, my husband (James Burbank) notified him of some damage on the
ceiling of the dining room, which sits under our children's restroom.
The landlord and contractor looked at the damage and the landlord said to the contractor
that they had a prior leak in that area but that they had fixed it.
He said it was a copper pipe (We have this video recording from our Nest camera)
.
The landlord and contractor went upstairs to look at the children's restroom to see
if there were damages.
They didn't notice any damages but they did notice that we had removed the shower
doors and replaced

--- Page 5 ---
Jennifer Burbank - 518 North Stoneman Ave, Alhambra, CA 91801 them with a shower
curtain.
We removed them to make it easier to shower our children and because my kids were
getting hurt when they were putting their foot over the tub to get in and out.
We did not ask the landlord for permission prior to removing them.
We have the shower doors stored in the garage.
Here are pictures of the damages.
The message that the landlord (Brad Martinez) sent is on the right.
BM 3 People It reads: Wednesday, May 22, 2024 at 1:16 PM Brad: Update: The contractor
and I reviewed the areas which need repair due to the rain damage from earlier in
the season.
He will be back tomorrow to inspect the roof around the front door area.
He can do this without the need for you to be home.
James pointed out an additional issue in the family room area ceiling.
Upon further inspection, this appears to be coming from the upstairs bathroom.
It looks like you have removed the glass shower doors and replaced it with a shower
curtain.
In the future we need to be notified of any desire to make changes to items affixed
in the property, per the rental agreement.
We will determine if the damage was ultimately caused by this change and if so, you
will be responsible for the repairs.
BM Brad Martinez Wed, May 22 at 1:16 PM Update: The contractor and I reviewed the
areas which need repair due to the rain damage from earlier in the season.
He will be back tomorrow to inspect the roof around the front door area.
He can do this without the need for you to be home.
James pointed out an additional issue in the family room area ceiling.
Upon further inspection, this appears to be coming from the upstairs bathroom.
It looks like you have removed the glass shower doors and replaced it with a shower
curtain.
In the future we need to be notified of any desire to make changes to items affixed
in the property, per the rental agreement.
We will determine if the damage was ultimately caused by this change and if so, you
will be responsible for the repairs.
We never received a notice to cure or restore to original condition.
May 22, 2024 - My husband (James Burbank) follows up to ask what the contractor
will be checking tomorrow.
Landlord responds.
May 30, 2024 - The back of the toilet is leaking in the master bedroom.
My husband lets the landlords know.
He also sends a photo where you can see paper towels behind the toilet since it is
leaking.
Landlord states he will come over to look at it.
Landlord comes to look at toilet leak.
He said that he

--- Page 6 ---
Jennifer Burbank – 518 North Stoneman Ave, Alhambra, CA 91801 observed some leaking
and tightened a bolt, he also said he would order a new seal and bolt since the ones
installed were old.
BM Hubby 3 People Wed, May 22 at 2:26 PM What exactly is the contractor coming by
to check tomorrow?
Brad Martinez He is evaluating the small roof area outside the upstairs patio as this
is a possible source of the water entering the front window header / frame.
Again, he will be on a ladder outside the property and will not need to come inside
.
I will also make sure the sand bags are removed from the front of the property this
week Edited Hubby Ok.
Thank you Thu, May 30 at 7:59 AM Hubby BM Good morning.
3 People: Toilet is leaking in the master bathroom.
Brad Martinez Ok, thanks for letting us know.
It's difficult to see the leak in the picture.
I can stop by at 10 to take a look.
Let me know if that time is not good Hubby 10:00 works.
Thank you.
Hubby unsent a message Thu, May 30 at 10:13 AM Brad Martinez BM I'm here AHSOLP Hubby
Feel free to let yourself in.
Brad Martinez I inspected the area behind the toilet.
The leak appears to be coming from the seal between the toilet bowl and water tank
.
I did observed a small drip while flushing.
I tightened the bolts and didn't see any more drips.
I BM 3 People Brad Martinez I inspected the area behind the toilet.
The leak appears to be coming from the seal between the toilet bowl and water tank
.
I did observed a small drip while flushing.
I tightened the bolts and didn't see any more drips.
I placed a fresh paper towel behind the toilet so we can monitor it.
I'll order a new seal and bolts as the ones installed are old.
In the mean time, let me know if you see more drips appearing on the paper towel
.
Thank you Hubby Will do.
Thanks.
June 10, 2024 -– Landlord (Brad Martinez) messages us to follow up on the toilet
and to let us know that the contractor is ready to make the repairs.
June 11, 2024 - We briefly discuss the timeline of the repairs.
June 13, 2024 – Landlord (Brad Martinez) reaches out to confirm start day for repairs
.
June 17, 2024 - Landlord (Brad Martinez) messages us to ask if they can open the
front door to work on something, even though the repairs for this day were strictly
outside.
However, we agreed that he can open the door to make those repairs.
Later this day, we get a message from the landlord (Vicki Martinez) where she mentions
her contractor heard a dog barking, and when Brad Martinez entered the unit, he
saw our dog in the unit.
Her main concern was that the contractors would be working inside the next day and
she wanted to ensure their safety.
She asked if the unit would be empty the following day.
I responded and said yes, it will be empty the next day when they would be working
inside the unit, as discussed.
Vicki Martinez thanked us for confirming that the unit would be empty and asked if
the dog belonged to us.
I responded, Yes, She is our emotional support animal.
No response.
No further communication this day.
June 18, 2024 – I asked if the crew could not come on June 19 as originally scheduled
because it was a holiday and I wanted to be home in peace.
Vicki Martinez states the crew was able to finish that day.

--- Page 7 ---
Jennifer Burbank - 518 North Stoneman Ave, Alhambra, CA 91801 Brad Martinez 1.
Mon, Jun 10 at 4:42 PM Hi James and Jennifer.
We wanted to check in on a few things: 1) how is the toilet situation?
Have you noticed any more water behind it?
+ iMessage 2.
you noticed any more water behind it?
2) our contractor is ready to start the repair work on the water damage and prevention
.
He can do the outside work first, then move to the inside ceiling repairs.
He is available to start at the end of this week.
Does that work for you?
BM Thank you Tue, Jun 11 at 5:50 AM BM Hi.
We have not noticed any more water behind the toilet.
What exact day would the contractor be working outside and inside?
Overall, what is the timeline for all the repairs?
BM Brad Martinez 3.
■■ 3 People Tue, Jun 11 at 3:16 PM Hi, his estimate is 3 days total and most likely
starting on Monday if that works for you.
He would only be inside for a small amount of time each day just to progess the repairs
through final paint.
The majority of the work will be on the exterior Brad Martinez Thu, Jun 13 at 9:16
AM Hi, just wanted to reach out again to confirm on the schedule.
Can you please let us know if this will work for Monday?
Hi.
Yes that should work.
Monday will begin outside?
Brad Martinez Thu, Jun 13 at 9:21 PM Yes, Monday will be 100 % outside Brad Martinez
Mon, Jun 17 at 10:51 AM Hi again, the workers are here today and will be mostly
outside BM Brad Martinez 4.
Mon, Jun 17 at 10:51 AM Hi again, the workers are here today and will be mostly
outside as we discussed.
They do have to install new weatherstripping around the front door.
Will it be ok just to open the door slightly while they do the install?
Thanks Hubby Yeah that's fine Vicki Martinez Mon, Jun 17 at 1:28 PM Hi- our contractor
made us aware that he heard a dog barking within the townhouse today.
When Brad arrived to unlock the door for the contractor to repair the weatherstripping
, he saw a large don behind a nato incide Our iMessage 5.
6.
Yes.
She is our emotional support animal.
Vicki Martinez 3 People Mon, Jun 17 at 1:28 PM Hi- our contractor made us aware that
he heard a dog barking within the townhouse today.
When Brad arrived to unlock the door for the contractor to repair the weatherstripping
, he saw a large dog behind a gate inside.
Our contractors will be working inside tomorrow, as we discussed with you, and we
need to ensure their safety.
Will you please confirm the dog will not be on property tomorrow or Wednesday.
Thanks Hi.
The place will be empty tomorrow and the following day when work needs to be done
inside.
Vicki Martinez Mon, Jun 17 at 7:30 PM Thank you for confirming that.
Does the dog belong to you?
Yes.
She is our emotional support animal.
Tue, Jun 18 at 1:21 PM Tue, Jun 18 at 1:21 PM Hello.
Tomorrow we are busy and are asking for the contractor to continue any repairs on
Thursday at 11am.
Vicki Martinez Tue, Jun 18 at 5:03 PM The crew was able to finish up the work today
.
+ iMessage

--- Page 8 ---
Jennifer Burbank - 518 North Stoneman Ave, Alhambra, CA 91801 June 19, 2024 – I
receive an email from the landlord (Vicki Martinez) where she is informing us that
the lease will terminate on 9/15/2024 and will not be renewed.
She stated the reasons WHY she made that decision.
She states it's due to violations of the lease terms 13 and 17.
Term 13 discusses animals.
Term 17 discusses alterations and / or repairs.
Lease of 518 N.
Stoneman Ave.
3 Vicki Martinez From: vicki_martinez@att.net To: jamesburbank91@gmail.com, jenbarreda@yahoo.com
Cc: Brad Martinez Dear James and Jennifer Burbank, Yahoo / Inbox✩ Wed, Jun 19 at
8:32 PM This email serves to inform you that the lease for 518 North Stoneman Avenue
, Alhambra CA.
91801, signed on 9/8/2023, will terminate on 9/15/2024 and will not be renewed.
This decision has been made due to violations of lease terms 13 and 17, which you
will find provided below.
For your reference, a copy of the signed lease agreement has also been attached.
Please ensure that you vacate the premises by 9/15/2024.
The notice period is stipulated in our lease agreement.
I would like to schedule a move - out walk - through at the end of the lease.
Kindly email me to schedule the final inspection.
Finally, please provide your new mailing address for future reference and in the
case of returning your security deposit.
Thank you for your time on the above matter.
If you need anything further, please don't hesitate to reach out via email or text
(626) 375-5297.
Sincerely, Vicki L.
Martinez and preferences of Tenant.
13.
ANIMALS: Unless otherwise provided in California Civil Code § 54.2, or other law
, no animal or pet shall be kept on or about the Premises without Housing Provider's
prior written consent, except as agreed to in the attached Animal Terms and Conditions
Addendum (C.A.R.
Form ATCA).
14 SMOKING as we provided with an acknowledges receipt or, a copy of the HUA Rules
.
17.
ALTERATIONS;
REPAIRS: Unless otherwise specified by law or paragraph 25C, without Housing Provider's
prior written consent.
(i) Tenant shall not make any repairs, alterations or improvements in or about
the Premises including: painting, wallpapering, adding or changing locks, installing
antenna or satellite dish (es), placing signs, displays or exhibits, or using
screws, fastening devices, large nails or adhesive materials;
(ii) Housing Provider shall not be responsible for the costs of alterations or repairs
made by Tenant;
(ii) Tenant shall not deduct from Rent the costs of any repairs, alterations or
improvements;
and (iv) any deduction made by Tenant shall be considered unpaid Rent.
She included the Lease in the above email as well as the 2 screenshots of the lease
that she referenced (13 & 17) Between June 20, 2024 through August 5, 2024 - We
are seeking assistance and guidance from any Tenant Rights groups, organizations
, lawyers / attorneys, Housing Rights Center, attending virtual tenant right workshops
, making calls to state and federal agencies, researching tenant rights and laws
pertaining to our city, county and state regarding our situation to see how to best
approach this matter.

--- Page 9 ---
Jennifer Burbank – 518 North Stoneman Ave, Alhambra, CA 91801 August 5, 2024 -
I emailed Vicki and Brad Martinez to request a reasonable accommodation.
Jen Barreda From: jenbarreda@yahoo.com To: Vicki Martinez, Brad Martinez Cc: jamesburbank91@gmail.com
Bcc: jenbarreda@hotmail.com Jennifer Burbank 518 North Stoneman Ave, Alhambra,
CA 91801 Jenbarreda@yahoo.com 323-336-7829 08/05/2024 Dear Vicki L.
Martinez and Bradford Martinez, I am writing to formally request a reasonable accommodation
for my emotional support animal at 518 North Stoneman Ave, Alhambra, CA 91801.
Mon, Aug 5 at 9:09 AM My emotional support animal provides me with essential support
and significantly contributes to my well - being.
I can provide appropriate documentation from a healthcare professional verifying my
need for my emotional support animal upon your request.
I wish to emphasize the importance of maintaining my privacy and confidentiality regarding
my medical condition.
Any medical information provided will remain confidential and should not be disclosed
without my explicit consent.
Thank you for your attention to this matter.
Sincerely, Jennifer Burbank August 9, 2024 - Vicki Martinez sends this email (below
).
She does not reply to my email from Aug 5, 2024 (above).
She begins a new email thread where she is now replying to her own original email
, from June 19, 2024, completely ignoring my request for a reasonable accommodation
.
You can see the subject title has slightly changed as well.
Lease Termination of 518 N.
Stoneman Ave.
Alhambra CA 91801 4 Vicki Martinez From: vicki_martinez@att.net To: jamesburbank91@gmail.com
, jenbarreda@yahoo.com Cc: Brad Martinez Yahoo / Inbox✰ Fri, Aug 9 at 10:46 AM Dear
James & Jennifer, This note is a follow up to the email below and the US - mailed
letter sent to you on June 19, 2024, outlining the termination of your lease at
518 N.
Stoneman Ave.
Alhambra CA 91801.
As stated, the lease will terminate on September 15, 2024 (90 days from original
notice).
We will need to schedule the walk - through and determine the final rent payment,
based upon your last day of occupancy.
Please contact us by September 1st to set a date for the final inspection / walk -
through.
The inspection should take place on or before September 15, 2024.
If you have any questions, please reach out.
Sincerely, Vicki & Brad

--- Page 10 ---
Jennifer Burbank - 518 North Stoneman Ave, Alhambra, CA 91801 August 9, 2024 -
In this email I reply and ask that she follows up on the email I sent on Aug 5, 2024
which she hasn't addressed.
Lease Termination of 518 N.
Stoneman Ave.
Alhambra CA 91801 4 Yahoo / Inbox✰ ■ Vicki Martinez Dear James & Jennifer, This note
is a follow up to the email below and the US - mailed letter sent to you on June 19
, 2024, outlining the termination of your lease at Fri, Aug 9 at 10:46 AM Jen Barreda
From: jenbarreda@yahoo.com To: Vicki Martinez Cc: jamesburbank91@gmail.com, Brad
Martinez Fri, Aug 9 at 7:41 PM Dear Vicki and Brad, I received your email regarding
the lease termination and scheduling the walk - through.
However, addressing my request for accommodation of my emotional support animal is
important.
Therefore, I would like to follow up on my previous email (sent August 5, 2024
) in which I requested an accommodation for my emotional support animal.
I have not yet received a response to that request and would appreciate confirmation
of receipt and a response.
To clarify, I am requesting that my emotional support animal be accommodated under
the terms of the lease.
Please let me know if my request has been accepted and if you need any additional
information.
I look forward to your prompt response to ensure this matter is addressed.
Sincerely, Jennifer Burbank August 10, 2024 - Vicki responds to email and states
that due to the lease ending on 9/8/2024, they are not requiring for me to comply
with the process for requesting a reasonable accommodation of my emotional support
animal, but that I can still submit medical documentation because that is my right
.
She goes on to explain what exactly is needed to begin an interactive process for
a reasonable accommodation, giving the impression that she is aware of what an interactive
process is and what a reasonable accommodation is.
● Vicki Martinez From: vicki_martinez@att.net To: Jen Barreda, jamesburbank91@gmail.com
Cc: Brad Martinez, Vicki Martinez Sat, Aug 10 at 9:00 AM ✰ Dear Jennifer, Thank
you for acknowledging receipt of the lease termination, as specified in Section 2B
of the lease agreement, and the inspection / walk - through request.
Due to the lease ending on September 8, 2024, we are not requiring you to comply
with the process for requesting reasonable accommodation of an emotional support animal
.
If you would like to formalize this request, you will need to provide a letter from
a licensed healthcare professional explaining the need.
■ This letter does not need to provide a diagnosis or describe the condition in extensive
detail  This letter should be signed and dated on letterhead which provides the contact
and license information of the healthcare professional ■ The original, signed letter
should be made available, if requested Again, to clarify, if you would like to
formalize the accommodation, that is your right.
Regards, Vicki & Brad August 12, 2024 - I email to make the request again and this
is when I noticed that this current email thread does not have my original request
from August 5, 2024 because she replied to herself and started a new email thread
.
Coincidentally skipping my initial request.
I attached my ESA letter and the screenshots of the email from my original request
, dated August 5, 2024.

--- Page 11 ---
Jennifer Burbank – 518 North Stoneman Ave, Alhambra, CA 91801 Jen Barreda From:
jenbarreda@yahoo.com To: Vicki Martinez Cc: Brad Martinez, jamesburbank91@gmail.com
Mon, Aug 12 at 11:19 AM ✰ Dear Vicki and Brad, I want to reiterate, I am formally
requesting a reasonable accommodation for my emotional support animal.
Attached to this email is the medical documentation that supports the need for my
emotional support animal.
Please confirm whether my request for a reasonable accommodation is being approved
or denied.
It is important to note that the request for a reasonable accommodation should be
addressed accordingly and in a timely manner.
I am open to discussing this matter further.
I noticed that a new email thread was started on August 9, 2024.
However, this new thread does not include the previous communication in which I formally
requested a reasonable accommodation for my emotional support animal.
For clarity and to ensure that all relevant information is easily accessible, I am
attaching a copy of my initial email, dated August 5, 2024, which contains my request
for a reasonable accommodation.
To avoid any confusion, I ask that we keep all related communications about this
matter within this same email thread moving forward.
Sincerely, Jennifer Burbank > Show original message ✓ Download all attachments as
a zip file ESA letter....
pdf 118.5kB Email regar....
PNG 76.7kB Email regar....
PNG 98.8kB August 13, 2024 - Below is the response I received.
And the attachment as well, which she is stating I have to sign and submit to make
my request formally approved, which legally I am not obligated to do.
I am not required by law to sign additional documents unless I choose to.
Vicki Martinez From: vicki_martinez@att.net To: Jen Barreda Cc: Brad Martinez,
jamesburbank91@gmail.com Dear Jennifer, We confirm your request for a reasonable
accommodation.
Attached you will find the required Lease Addendum agreement.
Please sign and return at your earliest convenience.
Once we receive the signed and dated document, the request will become formally approved
.
Regards, Vicki & Brad > Show original message ■ Stoneman L...
.pdf 236.3kB Tue, Aug 13 at 5:29 PM

--- Page 12 ---
Jennifer Burbank - 518 North Stoneman Ave, Alhambra, CA 91801 CALIFORNIA ASSOCIATION
OF REALTORS® ANIMAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS ADDENDUM (C.A.R.
Form ATCA, 6/23) G COLDWELL BANKER REALTY The following terms and conditions are
hereby incorporated in and made a part of the Residential Lease or Month - to - Month
Rental Agreement, OR Residential Lease After Sale, dated 9/4/2023 (Unit / Apartment
) Other Alhambra, on property located at (Street Address) (City) in which James
and Jennifer Burbank and Brad and Vicki Martinez (the term " Housing Provider " includes
Rental Property Owner and agent).
ANIMAL ADDENDUM AND AGREEMENT: 518 N Stoneman Ave.
91801 (State) Californi (Zip Code) is referred to as " Tenant " is referred to
as " Housing Provider " (" Premises "), Notwithstanding any other term in the Agreement
, Housing Provider grants permission for Tenant to have the following animal (s)
only on the Premises: Canine " Husky " subject to the following terms and conditions
: 1.
Tenant represents that the animal (s) is: A.
a qualified service animal under Califomia and Federal fair housing law.
Tenant has previously been asked and represents that Tenant (or occupant) has a
disability and the animal is trained to assist with the following disability - related
task (s) (Note: Tenant is not obligated to complete the following field if, as
applicable, the disability is obvious or an animal's disability related task is obvious
): OR B.
a qualified support animal, emotional support animal or companion animal under fair
housing laws and Tenant has provided Housing Provider with documentation establishing
a need for the animal;
OR C.
a pet.
2.
3.
Tenant is not allowed to have any animal on the Premises other than those designated
above, including any pets that are " just visiting " unless otherwise allowed under
fair housing laws.
Tenant represents to Housing Provider that the animal (s): (i) is housebroken
;
(ii) has no history of causing substantial property destruction;
and (iii) has no history of serious threatening or causing harm to persons by biting
, scratching, chewing or otherwise.
4.
Tenant agrees that the animal (s) will be properly licensed and vaccinated pursuant
to applicable laws and Tenant will provide proof of licensing and vaccination upon
Housing Provider's or agent's request.
5.
Tenant is responsible for compliance with all local laws and regulations relating
to the animals.
6.
Tenant agrees to clean up after their animal (s) and properly dispose of all waste
.
7.
Tenant agrees to keep Premises free from animal odor and stain.
8.
Tenant agrees to take action to avoid pest infestations (fleas, etc.
) in the Premises.
9.
Animals may not be bathed or groomed in the laundry room sinks, pools, or pool area
.
10.
Tenant is responsible for and will be charged for any damage to the Premises caused
by an animal (s), whether listed above or " just visiting.
" Damages include, but are not limited to, damages to floors, carpets, drapes
, screens, landscaping, fencing, including odors due to the presence of animals
.
11.
Tenant agrees to indemnify and hold Housing Provider and Housing Provider's agents
harmless from all liability, claims, demands, damages and costs for injuries to
persons or property in connection with Tenant's animal (s).
12.
Terms and Conditions Applicable to Pets Only: A.
Permission to have an pet may be revoked at any time with three days notice for cause
, or for month to month tenancies with thirty days notice without cause.
Tenant's failure to remove the animal (s) after permission has been revoked shall
be deemed a breach of the lease or rental agreement.
B.
If the Premises is part of a residential complex, pets are not allowed in pool areas
, clubhouses, business office, laundry rooms, business center or fitness centers
.
C.
13.
Tenant agrees to carry renter's insurance which includes coverage for pet ownership
.
By signing below, Tenant acknowledges that they have read, understand, accept,
and have received a copy of this addendum.
Tenant (Signature): X Tenant (Signature): X Housing Provider (Signature) marting
Housing Provider (Signature) X Date: Date: Date: 8/13/24 Date: 8/13/24 © 2023
, California Association of REALTORS®, Inc.
United States copyright law (Title 17 U.S.
Code) forbids the unauthorized distribution, display and reproduction of this form
, or any portion thereof, by photocopy machine or any other means, including facsimile
or computerized formats.
THIS FORM HAS BEEN APPROVED BY THE CALIFORNIA ASSOCIATION OF REALTORS® NO REPRESENTATION
IS MADE AS TO THE LEGAL VALIDITY OR ACCURACY OF ANY PROVISION IN ANY SPECIFIC TRANSACTION
.
A REAL ESTATE BROKER IS THE PERSON QUALIFIED TO ADVISE ON REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS
.
IF YOU DESIRE LEGAL OR TAX ADVICE, CONSULT AN APPROPRIATE PROFESSIONAL.
This form is made available to real estate professionals through an agreement with
or purchase from the California Association of REALTORS.
It is not intended to identify the user as a REALTOR®, REALTOR® is a registered collective
membership mark which may be used only by members of the NATIONAL ASSOCIATION OF REALTORS®
who subscribe to its Code of Ethics.
Published and Distributed by REAL ESTATE BUSINESS SERVICES, LLC.
a subsidiary of the CALIFORNIA ASSOCIATION OF REALTORS® 525 South Virgil Avenue,
Los Angeles, Califormia 90020 ATCA 6/23 (PAGE 1 OF 1) QU KOM OPPORTUNITY ANIMAL
TERMS AND CONDITIONS ADDENDUM (ATCA PAGE 1 OF 1)

--- Page 13 ---
Jennifer Burbank – 518 North Stoneman Ave, Alhambra, CA 91801 August 16, 2024 -
I reply to Vicki's email stating I am not legally obligated to sign anything else
as I have provided all documents that are required by law under the Fair Housing Act
.
Jen Barreda From: jenbarreda@yahoo.com To: Vicki Martinez Cc: Brad Martinez, jamesburbank91@gmail.com
Dear Vicki and Brad, Fri, Aug 16 at 11:20 AM I want to clarify that, under the
Fair Housing Act (FHA), I'm not required to sign additional documents for my emotional
support animal to be approved.
Approval should be based on the documentation I've already provided.
I'd also appreciate an update on the status of the non - renewal notice from June
19, 2024.
Since my emotional support animal has been disclosed and a formal request made, the
no- animal policy no longer applies as a reason for non - renewal.
Additionally, the alteration was acknowledged on May 22, 2024, with no further
action requested.
Given these points, I'm hoping you can confirm whether the non - renewal is still
in effect and, if so, on what grounds.
Sincerely, Jennifer Burbank > Show original message - August 21, 2024 – No reply
from Vicki.
So I email her again and in good faith I sign and submit the animal addendum.
Jen Barreda From: jenbarreda@yahoo.com To: Vicki Martinez Cc: Brad Martinez, jamesburbank91@gmail.com
Dear Vicki and Brad, Wed, Aug 21 at 2:37 PM I want to clarify the Fair Housing Act
protects my right to reasonable accommodations without additional requirements.
The approval of my emotional support animal is not dependent on this document.
That said, I am willing to sign the addendum in good faith, as a gesture of cooperation
, not out of legal obligation.
Please note that signing this addendum does not change or modify the terms of the
initial lease agreement in any way.
I trust this will formalize the accommodation and ensure clarity for both parties
moving forward.
Additionally, I would like to follow up on the status of the non - renewal notification
.
Please confirm whether it is still in effect, and if so, on what grounds.
> Show original message Animal Term....
pdf 1.1MB Below is the signed animal addendum by all parties: Vicki & Brad Martinez
, Jennifer & James Burbank

--- Page 14 ---
Jennifer Burbank - 518 North Stoneman Ave, Alhambra, CA 91801 Animal Terms & Conditions
Addendum - 08.19....
Page 1 of 1 ■ CALIFORNIA ASSOCIATION OF REALTORS ANIMAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS ADDENDUM
(C.A.R.
Form ATCA, 6/23) COLDWELL BANKER REALTY The following terms and conditions are hereby
incorporated in and made a part of the Residential Lease or Month - to - Month Rental
Agreement, OR Residential Lease After Sale, Other Alhambra dated 9/4/2023 on property
located at (Street Address).
(Unit / Apartment) (City) in which lames and Jennifer Burbank and Brad and Vicki
Martinez (the term " Housing Provider " includes Rental Property Owner and agent
).
ANIMAL ADDENDUM AND AGREEMENT: 518 N Stoneman Ave.
91801 (" Premises).
(State) Canon (Zip Code), is referred to as " Tenant is referred to as " Housing
Provider Notwithstanding any other term in the Agreement, Housing Provider grants
permission for Tenant to have the following animal (s) only on the Premises: Canine
" Husky " subject to the following terms and conditions: 1.
Tenant represents that the animal (s) is: A.
a qualified service animal under Califomia and Federal fair housing law.
Tenant has previously been asked and represents that Tenant (or occupant) has a
disability and the animal is trained to assist with the following disability - related
task (s) (Note: Tenant is not obligated to complete the following field if, as
applicable, the disability is obvious or an animal's disability related task is obvious
): OR B.
a qualified support animal, emotional support animal or companion animal under fair
housing laws and Tenant has provided Housing Provider with documentation establishing
a need for the animal OR C.
a pet.
2.
Tenant is not allowed to have any animal on the Premises other than those designated
above, including any pets that are " just visiting " unless otherwise allowed under
fair housing laws.
3.
Tenant represents to Housing Provider that the animal (s): (i) is housebroken
;
(i) has no history of causing substantial property destruction;
and (iii) has no history of serious threatening or causing harm to persons by biting
, scratching, chewing or otherwise.
4.
Tenant agrees that the animal (s) will be properly licensed and vaccinated pursuant
to applicable laws and Tenant will provide proof of licensing and vaccination upon
Housing Provider's or agent's request.
5.
Tenant is responsible for compliance with all local laws and regulations relating
to the animals.
6.
Tenant agrees to clean up after their animal (s) and properly dispose of all waste
.
7.
Tenant agrees to keep Premises free from animal odor and stain.
8.
Tenant agrees to take action to avoid pest infestations (fleas, etc.
) in the Premises.
9.
Animals may not be bathed or groomed in the laundry room sinks, pools, or pool area
.
10.
Tenant is responsible for and will be charged for any damage to the Premises caused
by an animal (s), whether listed above or " just visiting Damages include, but
are not limited to, damages to floors, carpets, drapes, screens, landscaping
, fencing, including odors due to the presence of animals.
11.
Tenant agrees to indemnify and hold Housing Provider and Housing Provider's agents
harmless from all liability, claims, demands, damages and costs for injuries to
persons or property in connection with Tenant's animal (s).
12.
Terms and Conditions Applicable to Pets Only: A.
Permission to have an pet may be revoked at any time with three days notice for cause
, or for month to month tenancies with thirty days notice without cause.
Tenant's failure to remove the animal (s) after permission has been revoked shall
be deemed a breach of the lease or rental agreement.
B.
If the Premises is part of a residential complex, pets are not allowed in pool areas
, clubhouses, business office, laundry rooms, business center or fitness centers
.
C.
13.
Tenant agrees to carry renter's insurance which includes coverage for pet ownership
.
By signing below, Tenant acknowledges that they have read, understand, accept,
and have received a copy of this addendum.
Tenant (Signature): X Tenant (Signature): X Housing Provider (Signature) x
Housing Provider (Signature) B marting Date: 8/19/24 Date: 8/19/24 Date: 8/13/24
Date: 8/13/24 © 2023, Califomia Association of REALTORS, Inc States copyright law
(Title 17 US.
Code) forbids the unauthorized distribution, display and reproduction of this form
, or any portion thereof, by photocopy machine or any other means, including facsimile
or computerized formats THIS FORM HAS BEEN APPROVED BY THE CALIFORNIA ASSOCIATION
OF REALTORS.
NO REPRESENTATION IS MADE AS TO THE LEGAL VALIDITY OR ACCURACY OF ANY PROVISION IN
ANY SPECIFIC TRANSACTION A REAL ESTATE BROKER IS THE PERSON QUALIFIED TO ADVISE ON
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
IF YOU DESIRE LEGAL OR TAX ADVICE, CONSULT AN APPROPRIATE PROFESSIONAL This form
is made available to real estate professionals through an agrooment with or purchase
from the Califoma Association of REALTORS is not intended to identify the user as
a REALTORS, REALTORS is a registered collective membership mark which may be used
only by members of the NATIONAL ASSOCIATION OF REALTORS® who subscribe to its Code
of Ethics Published and Distributed by REAL ESTATE BUSINESS SERVICES, LLC subsidiary
of the CALIFORNIA ASSOCIATION OF REALTORSS 525 South Virgil Avenue, Los Angeles,
Califormia 90020 ATCA 6/23 (PAGE 1 OF 1) ANIMAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS ADDENDUM (
ATCA PAGE 1 OF 1) ■ August 22, 2024 - I file an online complaint regarding mold
concerns in the living room area / front entry way from the water intrusion from February
2024, to the Department of Public Health.
Complaint #: CO0431633.
Vicki and Brad Martinez are unaware of this complaint at this time.

--- Page 15 ---
Jennifer Burbank - 518 North Stoneman Ave, Alhambra, CA 91801 August 23, 2024 -
Vicki responds via email to the animal addendum being submitted and signed by stating
that the lease is ending and we are still required to move out but this time she states
that we now need to move out one week sooner than she initially stated in her first
email / letter from June 19, 2024 (Original vacate date was 9/15/24 and now new
vacate date is 9/8/24).
She now also states that no rent is due for the month of September and any rent sent
will be returned as soon as possible.
In this email Vicki conveniently added an attachment to claim the unit was exempt
from AB 1482 which she did not indicate or state in the lease when we initially signed
and reviewed the lease back in end of August of 2023.
She has now informed us that we don't have tenant protections as we thought, nearly
1 year later which is not what the law on AB 1482 reads.
AB 1482 states this needs to be disclosed at the beginning and signing of the lease
and this did not occur.
The reasons for non - renewal were for having a dog, in which I informed landlords
was an Emotional support animal.
The other reason was due to an alteration made (removing shower doors in one of the
restrooms).
There was never any cure to notice for any of these lease violations, only an email
to end tenancy.
Vicki Martinez From: vicki_martinez@att.net To: Jen Barreda, jamesburbank91@gmail.com
Cc: Brad Martinez Send via email and US Mail Fri, Aug 23 at 2:38 PM Dear James and
Jennifer Burbank, This letter serves as confirmation that the lease for 518 North
Stoneman Avenue, Alhambra CA.
91801, signed on 9/4/2023, will terminate on 9/8/2024 and will not be renewed.
Please ensure that you vacate the premises by 9/8/2024.
As stated in the original communication of non - renewal, dated 6/19/2024, this
decision has been made due to violations of lease terms 13 and 17, which you will
find provided at the bottom of this letter.
As a reminder, no rent is due September 1, 2024.
We will not accept any rent for September, in accordance with your tenancy expiring
.
Any monies received will be returned as soon as possible after seeing the electronic
entry.
Finally, please reach out to schedule the move - out / walk - through inspection
.
If for any reason you require additional time to move out, please let us know as
soon as possible so that we can work out a date that is mutually agreed upon.
Thank you for your time on the above matter.
If you need anything further, please don't hesitate to contact us.
Sincerely, Vicki L.
Martinez & Brad M.
Martinez and preferences of Tenant.
13.
ANIMALS: Unless otherwise provided in California Civil Code § 54.2, or other law
, no animal or pet shall be kept on or about the Premises without Housing Provider's
prior written consent, ■ except as agreed to in the attached Animal Terms and Conditions
Addendum (C.A.R.
Form ATCA).
14 SMOKING.
15 a las veel pe acknowledges receipt or, a copy of the HUA Kules.
17.
ALTERATIONS;
REPAIRS: Unless otherwise specified by law or paragraph 25C, without Housing Provider's
prior written consent, (i) Tenant shall not make any repairs, alterations or improvements
in or about the Premises including: painting, wallpapering, adding or changing
locks, installing antenna or satellite dish (es), placing signs, displays or
exhibits, or using screws, fastening devices, large nails or adhesive materials
;
(ii) Housing Provider shall not be responsible for the costs of alterations or repairs
made by Tenant;
(iii) Tenant shall not deduct from Rent the costs of any repairs, alterations or
improvements;
and (iv) any deduction made by Tenant shall be considered unpaid Rent.
Enclosures (2): 1.
Original 90 - day notification letter 2.
Notice that the property is exempt from California's Tenant Protection Act of 2019
> Show original message ↓ Download all attachments as a zip file California Te....
pdf 390.7kB Notice of le....
pdf 202.1kB

--- Page 16 ---
Jennifer Burbank - 518 North Stoneman Ave, Alhambra, CA 91801 Attachment in Email
: 1.
Copy of Original Vacate Notice from June 19, 2024.
Page 1 of 1 Notice of lease termination.pdf June 19, 2024 From: vicki_martinez@att.net
To: jamesburbank91 @ gmail.com, jenbarreda @ yahoo.com Cc: brad_martinez@att.net
Dear James and Jennifer Burbank, This letter serves to inform you that the lease
for 518 North Stoneman Avenue, Alhambra CA.
91801, signed on 9/8/2023, will terminate on 9/15/2024 and will not be renewed.
This decision has been made due to violations of lease terms 13 and 17, which you
will find provided below.
For your reference, a copy of the signed lease agreement has also been attached.
Please ensure that you vacate the premises by 9/15/2024.
The notice period is stipulated in our lease agreement.
I would like to schedule a move - out walk - through at the end of the lease.
Kindly email me to schedule the final inspection.
Finally, please provide your new mailing address for future reference and in the
case of returning your security deposit.
Thank you for your time on the above matter.
If you need anything further, please don't hesitate to reach out via email or text
(626) 375-5297.
Sincerely, Vicki L.
Martinez and preferences of Tenant.
13.
ANIMALS: Unless otherwise provided in California Civil Code § 54.2, or other law
, no animal or pet shall be kept on or about the Premises without Housing Provider's
prior written consent, except as agreed to in the attached Animal Terms and Conditions
Addendum (C.A.R.
Form ATCA).
14 SMOKING reages receipt or, a copy of the HUA Hules 17.
ALTERATIONS;
REPAIRS: Unless otherwise specified by low or paragraph 25C, without Housing Provider's
prior written consent.
(i) Tenant shall not make any repairs, alterations or improvements in or about
the Premises including: painting, wallpapering, adding or changing locks, installing
antenna or satellite dish (es), placing signs, displays or exhibits or using screws
, fastening devices, large nals or adhesive materials;
(ii) Housing Provider shall not be responsible for the costs of alterations or repairs
made by Tenant: (i) Tenant shall not deduct from Rent the costs of any repairs
, alterations or improvements;
and (iv) any deduction made by Tenant shall be considered unpaid Rent.
■

--- Page 17 ---
Jennifer Burbank - 518 North Stoneman Ave, Alhambra, CA 91801 Attachment in Email
: 2.
AB 1482 Exemption Disclosure California Tenant Protection Act of 2019.pdf Page 1 of
1 Notice to Tenants California Tenant Protection Act of 2019 Property is Exempt To
: James and Jennifer Burbank possession of the premises known as 518 N.
Stoneman Ave Alhambra (City) (Apt) (Street Address) → ] and to all others in
CA (State) 91801 (Zip) This property is not subject to the rent limits imposed
by Section 1947.12 of the Civil Code and is not subject to the just cause requirements
of Section 1946.2 of the Civil Code.
This property meets the requirements of Sections 1947.12 (d) (5) and 1946.2 (
e) (8) of the Civil Code and the owner is not any of the following: (1) a real
estate investment trust, as defined by Section 856 of the Internal Revenue Code;
(2) a corporation;
or (3) a limited liability company in which at least one member is a corporation
.
Date: 8/16/2024 Owner / Agent Owner / Agent umarting >

--- Page 18 ---
Jennifer Burbank - 518 North Stoneman Ave, Alhambra, CA 91801 August 25, 2024 -
I respond to Vicki's email to state the differences in her notice from August 23 and
June 19.
Which indicate different terms and a different move out date.
I follow - up to inquire which the correct notice is because these are not the same
.
Jen Barreda From: jenbarreda@yahoo.com To: Vicki Martinez Cc: jamesburbank91@gmail.com
, Brad Martinez Dear Vicki and Brad, Sun, Aug 25 at 11:28 AM ■ ✩ We've received
two different notices about moving out, and with the deadline approaching quickly
, we want to ensure there are no misunderstandings.
We would like to know which notice to follow so that we can make the appropriate plans
and avoid potential delays.
Could you please clarify which notice is current and should be followed?
Sincerely, Jennifer Burbank > Show original message < 1724448463915blob.jpg > < 1724448479209blob.jpg
> Download all attachments as a zip file 1724448463....
jpg 1724448479...
.jpg 21.7kB 35.7kB California Te....
pdf 390.7kB Notice of le....
pdf 202.1kB August 25, 2024 - Vicki responds to indicate the new notice she has just
provided on August 23 is the correct notice to follow, which has a move out date
of one week sooner.
But offers us the option of more time if needed, as if she is trying to act in good
faith.
Vicki Martinez From: vicki_martinez@att.net To: Jen Barreda, jamesburbank91@gmail.com
Cc: Brad Martinez Dear Jennifer & James, The notice to follow would be the September
8, 2024 date, in accordance with the original lease agreement.
Sun, Aug 25 at 12:23 PM However, as stated in the previous communication, if you
would like to request additional time to move out, we are willing to set a mutually
agreed upon date that is within reason.
Sincerely, Vicki & Brad > Show original message August 25, 2024 - I follow up to
state that we will now be following this new notice which means the original notice
is no longer valid.
This new notice would not allow a proper 30 day notice which would also make this
notice invalid.
Jen Barreda From: jenbarreda@yahoo.com To: Vicki Martinez Cc: jamesburbank91@gmail.com
, Brad Martinez Dear Vicki and Brad, Sun, Aug 25 at 5:30 PM Thank you for confirming
that the notice provided on August 23, 2024, with a vacate date of September 8,
2024, is the effective notice.
Which indicates the initial notice provided on June 19, 2024 with the vacate date
of September 15, 2024 is no longer valid.
Sincerely, Jennifer Burbank > Show original message

--- Page 19 ---
Jennifer Burbank – 518 North Stoneman Ave, Alhambra, CA 91801 August 25, 2024 -
Vicki responds that the new notice from August 23 is actually a " reminder " to the
original notice from June 19 and not a new, separate notice, even though the move
out date and terms are different.
She points out we had a lot of time, “ greater than 60 - day notice ".
She again references that she is willing to give us more time if we would like.
Vicki Martinez From: vicki_martinez@att.net To: Jen Barreda, jamesburbank91@gmail.com
Cc: Brad Martinez Dear Jennifer, To clarify, the vacate day of 9/8/24 is in accordance
with the original lease.
Sun, Aug 25 at 7:34 PM In the first communication sent on June 19, 2024 you were
provided a greater than 60 - day notice that the lease would not be renewed.
The communication sent August 23, 2024 was only provided as a reminder and in no
way supersedes the original notification.
As stated in the August 23,2024 email, we are more than willing to consider your
request for more time, however that needs to be communicated clearly so that an agreement
can be reached.
You are welcome to stay until September 15,2024 if that is your preference.
Would that be your preference?
Sincerely, Vicki & Brad > Show original message August 25, 2024 - I respond to Vicki
to state that the two notices provided to us, were completely different and in no
way a " reminder " to one another.
Again, I am seeking clarification on her confusing notices and terms and vacate dates
.
Jen Barreda From: jenbarreda@yahoo.com To: Vicki Martinez Cc: jamesburbank91@gmail.com
, Brad Martinez Dear Vicki and Brad, Sun, Aug 25 at 8:57 PM The notice sent on June
19, 2024, clearly stated a vacate date of September 15, 2024, and included specific
terms.
In contrast, the notice sent on August 23, 2024, lists a different vacate date
of September 8, 2024, along with additional updated terms.
Given that these notices contain different vacate dates and terms, they are entirely
separate and different notices.
The notice provided on August 23, 2024, cannot reasonably be considered a " reminder
of the original notice, as it alters both the vacate date and the terms.
Unless you are indicating that you have decided to change the original notice's vacate
date and terms and are now attempting to pass the August 23, 2024, notice as a continuation
of the original notice from June 19, 2024.
Can you please confirm which notice is in effect?
Is it the first notice sent on June 19, 2024 or the second notice sent on August
23, 2024?
Sincerely, Jennifer Burbank > Show original message August 26, 2024 – Vicki responds
to confirm the move out date is in fact 9/15/24 as originally stated and offers the
option to withdraw the non - renewal notice and continue the tenancy on a month to
month basis.
Vicki Martinez From: vicki_martinez@att.net To: Jen Barreda Cc: Brad Martinez,
jamesburbank91@gmail.com We will confirm the move - out date to be September 15,
2024, in accordance with the original note from June 19.
R Mon, Aug 26 at 8:07 PM As an alternative, we propose the option to withdraw the
non - renewal notice and have you remain in the residence on a month - to - month
basis.
Section 2A / 2B of the lease agreement outlines this option.
Please let us know what you decide.
> Show original message

--- Page 20 ---
Jennifer Burbank - 518 North Stoneman Ave, Alhambra, CA 91801 August 30, 2024 –
James and I agree to a month to month tenancy and we reply to let Vicki and Brad aware
of our decision.
We also ask that they provide written confirmation of their withdrawal of the non
- renewal notice.
Jen Barreda From: jenbarreda@yahoo.com To: Vicki Martinez Cc: Brad Martinez, jamesburbank91@gmail.com
Dear Vicki and Brad, We agree to the transition of a month - to - month tenancy.
Please provide written confirmation that the non - renewal notice you initially provided
on June 19, 2024, has been withdrawn.
Sincerely, Jennifer Burbank August 31, 2024 - Vicki withdraws the non - renewal
notice and states rent is due on 9/1/24.
V Vicki Martinez From: vicki_martinez@att.net To: Jen Barreda Cc: Brad Martinez
We formally withdraw the notice of non - renewal, dated June 19, 2024.
We confirm a transition to month - to - month tenancy in accordance with section 2A
/ 2B of the lease agreement.
Rent will be due September 1, 2024.
Fri, Aug 30 at 7:10 PM ✰ Sat, Aug 31 at 8:04 AM September 5, 2024 - We receive
an email from Grace Cheng, from Lotus Property Services.
The email indicates that Lotus Property Services, Inc.
is now assigned to be our property management company.
She states that there will be an inspection of the unit which is scheduled for 9/10/24
between 11 am- 1pm.
This email came with 2 attachments which are provided below.
518 Stoneman Ave Alhambra, CA 6  Grace Cheng From: grace@lotuspropertyservices.net
To: jamesburbank91@gmail.com, jenbarreda@yahoo.com Cc: Sally Gutierrez Hi James
& Jennifer, Yahoo / Inbox✰ Thu, Sep 5 at 3:03 PM ✩ Our office has been contracted
by the ownership of your condo unit on 518 Stoneman Ave to manage the unit effective
immediately.
Kindly refer to the attached is a notice that your assigned property manager served
on your front door notifying you of our contact information.
I just wanted to send you a copy of the notice here via email as well.
Another copy will be mailed out via USPS.
Please do take note that we do intend to inspect the unit next week (notice to enter
also attached here which was also provided on your front door this morning).
This is a regular procedure that our office conducts during our takeover month and
scheduled annually thereafter.
Please contact your property manager, Sally Gutierrez, who've I've cc'd here should
you have any questions during your tenancy.
Thank you for your attention!
Grace Cheng - Director of Portfolio Management Lotus Property Services, Inc.
Grace Cheng Lic # 01887973 Director of Portfolio Management 4157 East Live Oak Ave.
Arcadia, CA 91006 0.626.582.8001 ext.
108 f.
626.582.8005 grace@lotuspropertyservices.net Lic # 01764292 Lotus Property Services
, Inc.
Real Estate Investment Management Download all attachments as a zip file 518Stone
Ta....
pdf 1.9MB 518Ston_Not....
pdf 39.8kB

--- Page 21 ---
Jennifer Burbank - 518 North Stoneman Ave, Alhambra, CA 91801 Attachment 1: Page
1 of 2 L Lotus Property Services, Inc.
4157 E.
Live Oak Avenue Arcadia, CA 91006 T 626.582.8001 F 626.582.8005 To: All Tenants
at 518 N.
Stoneman Ave Alhambra, CA 91801 From: Lotus Property Services, Inc.
Re: Property Contacts: Service may be effected on: Portfolio Manager Sally Gutierrez
(626) 582-8001 ext.
111 4157 E.
Live Oak Avenue Arcadia CA 91006 Account Manager Arlen Keller (626) 582-8001 ext
.
116 4157 E.
Live Oak Avenue Arcadia CA 91006 Operations Supervisor Belsy Monzon (626) 582-8001
ext.
103 4157 E.
Live Oak Avenue Arcadia CA 91006 New Property Management Company for Tenants of 518Ston
Dear Tenants: VIA POSTING & MAILING This letter is of intent to give written notification
to all Residents of the new change in Property Management for the property located
at 518 N.
Stoneman Ave Alhambra, CA 91801 which shall take effect Immediately upon the service
of this letter.
Lotus Property Services, Inc.
will be your new contact for ALL concerns and maintenance issues regarding the property
.
For your convenience our office is open from 9:00 am - 5:30 pm, Monday thru Friday
and you can reach us by phone at (626) 582-8001.
For 24 - hour (EMERGENCY ONLY) maintenance service you may call (626) 582-8001
.
Please make payment payable to: Lotus Property Services, Inc./518Ston We accept
electronic payment via debit / credit card, e - checks, personal checks, money
orders, ECP coupon and cashiers checks.
You are to deliver, mail, or electronically process the rent to the following address
: Lotus Property Services, Inc.
4157 East Live Oak Ave.
Arcadia, CA 91006 Between 9:00 AM-5:00PM, Monday through Friday.
Person to deliver rent to: Vincent Medina, Sandie Perry, or Brian Gordon Please
note that we have an integrated property management system that allows you to make
your rent payments online.
Please be sure to provide your email address on the attached questionnaire form.
You will be emailed an invitation link via AppFolio to sign up for your tenant portal
.
Sally Gutierrez will be your direct contact for all issues and / or any other matter
that may require management's assistance.
I am confident that you will find Sally to be competent and helpful as well as attentive
to your needs.
We thank you for your continued tenancy and assistance during this time of transition
.
We look forward to this opportunity to provide you with quality service.
Please assist management by filling out the enclosed questionnaire and returning it
to our office promptly.
Thank you in advance for your cooperation and we look forward to working with you
.
Sincerely, ■■ Lotus Property Services, Inc.
Please See Attachments

--- Page 22 ---
Jennifer Burbank - 518 North Stoneman Ave, Alhambra, CA 91801 Attachment 1: Page
2 of 2 L Lotus Property Services, Inc.
4157 E.
Live Oak Ave Arcadia, CA 91006 t 626.582.8001 f626.582.8005 This form is a MANDATORY
FORM that all tenants must fill out and return to our office within 10 days upon receipt
with all updated tenant information on all persons living within your apartment unit
.
The information on this document must be true and correct, any incorrect and / or
falsified information can be cause for legal proceedings and or eviction.
We thank you for your cooperation and immediate response.
Este formulario es un FORMULARIO OBLIGATORIO que todos los inquilinos deben completar
y devolver a nuestra oficina dentro de los 10 dias posteriores a la recepción con
toda la información actualizada del inquilino sobre todas las personas que viven dentro
de su unidad de apartamento.
La información en este documento debe ser verdadera y correcta, cualquier información
incorrecta y / o falsificada puede ser motivo de un proceso judicial y / o desalojo
.
Le agradecemos su cooperación y respuesta inmediatamente.
Property Name: 518 N.
Stoneman Ave Alhambra, CA 91801 Resident 1 Name: Resident 2 Name: Apt.
#: Unit Size: # of Parking Spaces: Vehicle # 1- Make: Vehicle # 2- Make: Model
: Model: License # Parking # License # Parking # Vehicle # 3- Make: Model: License
# Parking # Resident 1 Mobile #: Resident 2 Mobile #: Resident 1 Work #:.
Resident 2 Work #: Home Phone #: Emergency #: Name: Relationship: Resident 1
Email: Resident 2 Email:, Total Number of occupants Pets?
Name: Type / Breed: Weight: First Name PLEASE PRINT FULL NAME OF EACH RESIDENT
Last Name: First Name By signing below, I acknowledge that the above information
is true and correct.
Date Print Name Signature Last Name

--- Page 23 ---
Jennifer Burbank - 518 North Stoneman Ave, Alhambra, CA 91801 Attachment 2: Lotus
Property Services, Inc.
4157 E.
Live Oak Ave Arcadia, CA 91006 T 626.582.8001 F 626.582.8005 Notice of Intent to
Enter Premises FROM: LOTUS PROPERTY SERVICES, INC Date: 09 / 04 // 2024 4157 E
LIVE OAK AVE ARCADIA CA 91006 TO: ALL RESIDENTS AT: 518 N Stoneman Ave Alhambra
, CA 91801 Dear Tenants, Please be advised that the management of 518 N Stoneman
Ave like to enter your unit on_ Tuesday, September 10, 2024 would between the hours
of 11:00 AM to 1:00 PM for the following reason (s): () To make or arrange for
the following repair (s) and / or improvement (s): () To exhibit the premises
to: () a prospective tenant, () workers and or contractors regarding the above
repair or improvement.
() Other: MANAGEMENT TAKEOVER - MAINTENANCE INSPECTION Please note you are not required
to be present.
If you wish to be present, or have a friend or associate be present, you may of
course make the appropriate arrangements to do so.
We will not enter the unit if any minor (s) are left unaccompanied.
Any minor (s) present must be accompanied by an adult age 18 years or older.
If you have any questions, please call me at 626-582-8001x2133.
If the lock has been changed without proper notice and you have not given the landlord
a duplicate key, a locksmith may be called upon to open the door and re - key the
locks.
Your account will be charged for the service and you will be provided with a new key
.
This notice is given in accordance with the provisions of Section 1954 of the California
Civil Code.
Sincerely, DIEGO HIDALGO Lotus Property Services, Inc.

--- Page 24 ---
Jennifer Burbank - 518 North Stoneman Ave, Alhambra, CA 91801 September 5, 2024
- I call the manager, Sally, after reading the email from Grace Cheng, regarding
the inspection date and time, to reschedule the inspection for another date so that
James and I can both be home to meet the manager and also address our ongoing concerns
with the unit, in person.
In the call, Sally stated she would ask if another date and time is available.
I suggested Wednesday or Thursday as two days that work best for us both.
I also briefly discuss some of my concerns with the unit that I would like to show
her in person, during the inspection.
09/05/2024 03:04 PM (626) 582-8001 to El Monte / CA 6 Min Sally calls back to state
that it will be rescheduled for 9/12/24 at 12pm so that we can both be there for the
inspection.
09/05/2024 03:15 PM (626) 582-8001 Incoming 1 Min Sally follows up with the email
below.
Sally Gutierrez From: sally@lotuspropertyservices.net To: Grace Cheng Cc: jamesburbank91@gmail.com
, jenbarreda@yahoo.com Hello James & Jennifer, As per our conversation we have scheduled
the inspection for next Thursday 09/12/2024 between 11:00 and 12:00 pm, the inspector
as well as my self will attend the unit inspection.
If you have any questions please feel free on contacting me or email.
Thanks, Sent from my iPhone > Show original message < image001.jpg > < 518Stone_TakeoverLetter.pdf
> < 518Ston_NoticetoEnter.pdf > Lotus Property Services, Inc.
image001.jpg 154.6kB Thu, Sep 5 at 8:40 PM I respond to Sally's email to confirm
that the inspection will actually take place at 12pm, as mentioned in our phone call
from earlier since I will be leaving work during my lunch break to be there for the
inspection.
I also asked if this inspector is from the County Health Department or Lotus ' inspector
.
Jen Barreda From: jenbarreda@yahoo.com To: Sally Gutierrez Cc: Grace Cheng, jamesburbank91@gmail.com
Hello Sally.
A Thu, Sep 5 at 9:15 PM When we spoke on the phone earlier today, you stated 12pm
as the time of inspection.
James and I would both like to be present during this inspection.
To ensure that, I require an exact time so that I can receive approval from my employer
.
I would also like to confirm if this inspector is the one assigned from the Los Angeles
county health department or an inspector on behalf of Lotus Property Services?
Thank you.

--- Page 25 ---
Jennifer Burbank - 518 North Stoneman Ave, Alhambra, CA 91801 September 6, 2024
- Sally responds to confirm that the inspection is not from the County Health Department
but from their own company (Lotus).
She also confirms the inspection time is 12pm.
Hi Jen.
Sally Gutierrez From: sally@lotuspropertyservices.net To: Jen Barreda Cc: jamesburbank91@gmail.com
Fri, Sep 6 at 12:47 PM Yes we are scheduled for 12pm that is our time frame.
The inspector is from our Company at Lotus not the City.
We do a property take over inspection and Annuals every year around the same month
.
Hope this explains, you can call me if you have any other questions Thanks Sent from
my iPhone I email Sally the completed forms that were sent to us by Grace Cheng,
on 9/5/24 " Takeover Form ".
Below are the completed forms.
Jen Barreda From: jenbarreda@yahoo.com To: Sally Gutierrez Cc: jamesburbank91@gmail.com
Hello Sally, Attached you will find the Takeover Form.
May you please email us the link to the online portal?
Thank you.
> Show original message 518 Stonem....
pdf 2MB Fri, Sep 6 at 2:46 PM

--- Page 26 ---
Jennifer Burbank - 518 North Stoneman Ave, Alhambra, CA 91801 To: Lotus Property
Services, Inc.
4157 E.
Live Oak Avenue Arcadia, CA 91006 T 626.582.8001 F 626.582.8005 All Tenants at 518
N.
Stoneman Ave Alhambra, CA 91801 From: Lotus Property Services, Inc.
Re: Property Contacts: Service may be effected on: Portfolio Manager Sally Gutierrez
(626) 582-8001 ext.
111 4157 E.
Live Oak Avenue Arcadia CA 91006 Account Manager Arlen Keller (626) 582-8001 ext
.
116 4157 E.
Live Oak Avenue Arcadia CA 91006 Operations Supervisor Belsy Monzon (626) 582-8001
ext.
103 4157 E.
Live Oak Avenue Arcadia CA 91006 New Property Management Company for Tenants of 518Ston
Dear Tenants: VIA POSTING & MAILING This letter is of intent to give written notification
to all Residents of the new change in Property Management for the property located
at 518 N.
Stoneman Ave Alhambra, CA 91801 which shall take effect Immediately upon the service
of this letter.
Lotus Property Services, Inc.
will be your new contact for ALL concerns and maintenance issues regarding the property
.
For your convenience our office is open from 9:00 am - 5:30 pm, Monday thru Friday
and you can reach us by phone at (626) 582-8001.
For 24 - hour (EMERGENCY ONLY) maintenance service you may call (626) 582-8001
.
Please make payment payable to: Lotus Property Services, Inc./518Ston We accept
electronic payment via debit / credit card, e - checks, personal checks, money
orders, ECP coupon and cashiers checks.
You are to deliver, mail, or electronically process the rent to the following address
: Lotus Property Services, Inc.
4157 East Live Oak Ave.
Arcadia, CA 91006 Between 9:00 AM-5:00PM, Monday through Friday.
Person to deliver rent to: Vincent Medina, Sandie Perry, or Brian Gordon Please
note that we have an integrated property management system that allows you to make
your rent payments online.
Please be sure to provide your email address on the attached questionnaire form.
You will be emailed an invitation link via AppFolio to sign up for your tenant portal
.
Sally Gutierrez will be your direct contact for all issues and / or any other matter
that may require management's assistance.
I am confident that you will find Sally to be competent and helpful as well as attentive
to your needs.
We thank you for your continued tenancy and assistance during this time of transition
.
We look forward to this opportunity to provide you with quality service.
Please assist management by filling out the enclosed questionnaire and returning it
to our office promptly.
Thank you in advance for your cooperation and we look forward to working with you
.
Sincerely, Lotus Property Services, Inc.
Please See Attachments

--- Page 27 ---
Jennifer Burbank – 518 North Stoneman Ave, Alhambra, CA 91801 L Lotus Property Services
, Inc.
4157 E.
Live Oak Ave Arcadia, CA 91006 t 626.582.8001 f626.582.8005 This form is a MANDATORY
FORM that all tenants must fill out and return to our office within 10 days upon receipt
with all updated tenant information on all persons living within your apartment unit
.
The information on this document must be true and correct, any incorrect and / or
falsified information can be cause for legal proceedings and or eviction.
We thank you for your cooperation and immediate response.
Este formulario es un FORMULARIO OBLIGATORIO que todos los inquilinos deben completar
y devolver a nuestra oficina dentro de los 10 días posteriores a la recepción con
toda la información actualizada del inquilino sobre todas las personas que viven dentro
de su unidad de apartamento.
La información en este documento debe ser verdadera y correcta, cualquier información
incorrecta y / o falsificada puede ser motivo de un proceso judicial y / o desalojo
.
Le agradecemos su cooperación y respuesta inmediatamente.
Property Name: 518 N.
Stoneman Ave Alhambra, CA 91801 Resident 1 Name: Jennifer Burbank Resident 2 Name
: James Burbank Apt.
#: N / A Unit Size: unknown # of Parking Spaces: N / A Vehicle # 1- Make: Model
: License # Parking # Vehicle # 2- Make: Model: License # Parking # Vehicle # 3-
Make: Model: License # Parking # Resident 1 Mobile #: 323-336-7829 Resident 2 Mobile
#: 213-858-1725 Resident 1 Work #: N / A Home Phone #: N / A Resident 1 Email:
Jenbarreda@yahoo.com Total Number of occupants 4 Resident 2 Work #: N / A Emergency
#: 323-336-3871 Name: Maria Relationship: Resident 2 Email: Jamesburbank91@gmail.com
Pets?
No.
ESA Name: Type / Breed: Weight: Age: PLEASE PRINT FULL NAME OF EACH RESIDENT First
Name Last Name Jennifer Burbank James Burbank Jayden Burbank First Name Jameson Burbank
By signing below, I acknowledge that the above information is true and correct.
09/05/2024 Date Jennifer Burbank Print Name Signature Last Name

--- Page 28 ---
Jennifer Burbank - 518 North Stoneman Ave, Alhambra, CA 91801 September 9, 2024
- Sally responds to say " thanks ” for submitting the " Takeover form ” Thanks.
Sally Gutierrez From: sally@lotuspropertyservices.net To: Jen Barreda Sent from
my iPhone > Show original message < 518 Stoneman Takeover Letter - Complete.pdf >
A Mon, Sep 9 at 10:10 AM ✩ Sally messages my cell phone to ask me for James's phone
number so she can send him the AppFolio (online portal) request for the online portal
.
See Messages below between Sally and myself.
S Sally Manager > iMessage Mon, Sep 9 at 10:14 AM Can you please text me James phone
number so I can send you the AppFolio request 10:14 AM Thanks Hi sally.
His number is 213-858-1725 10:14 AM Just sent you request 10:15 AM Did you receive
it 10:16 AM Yes, I received it.
Thank you 10:17 AM Your welcome see you Thursday at 12:00 pm 10:17 AM September 12
, 2024 - Sally and the inspector came around noon to inspect the unit.
The walked through the entire unit, inside and out, the inspector took multiple
pictures and I discussed my concerns with Sally.
Sally stated she can see the water damage on the floor and baseboards by the front
entry way.
She also looked at the balcony and noticed the drain was going directly below to the
patio where the suspected water was entering the unit.
She stated she would bring it up and it would be indicated in the report by the inspector
.
She also stated that she is unsure if this would be an issue for the landlords to
fix or the HOA.
I asked if all the necessary repairs and concerns would be addressed and this is when
Sally stated that it is up to the landlords.
She stated that they can bring issues to their attention but that ultimately it is
up to the landlords to fix and pay for repairs, but that the management company can
encourage them to make repairs.
Sally and the inspector made copies of the home keys for their office to have for
emergencies.

--- Page 29 ---
Jennifer Burbank – 518 North Stoneman Ave, Alhambra, CA 91801 September 17, 2024
- Sally called and left a voicemail.
I called her back and she mentioned repairs that would be made based on the inspection
from 9/12/24.
She mentioned fixing the crack on the ceiling of the living room, the weather stripping
of the front door, the cracks outside which she said might be an issue with the HOA
, not the landlords.
She mentioned that the HOA is difficult to work with, according to the landlords
.
She said that she and the landlords would be having a meeting with the HOA to address
those issues.
She wanted to schedule the repairs she mentioned for 9/18/24 at 12pm and I agreed
to the repairs.
James was going to be home this date and time.
LOTUS PROPERTY SERVICES Sally Manager LOTUS PROPERTY SERVICES Sally - Manager $ message
call video mail pay message call video mail pay September 17, 2024 September 17,
2024 2:09 PM Missed Call Calls with a checkmark have been verified by the carrier
.
2:17 PM Outgoing Call 9 minutes S Contact Photo & Poster phone +1 (323) 532-4406
Contact Photo & Poster phone RECENT +1 (323) 532-4406 September 18, 2024 – I message
Sally to ask if they will only be making cosmetic repairs or if they will also be
checking for mold and actually fixing the issue, which would be to figure out where
the water is entering the unit, and then seal it, so it does not happen again.
I told Sally that mold being present was my biggest concern and I wanted it to be
addressed, not just patching up some things to cosmetically have it be appealing
.
I never canceled maintenance.
Sally replied to say she would cancel the maintenance and repairs that were set for
that day.
I called James to inform him.
A few minutes later the technician arrived and James told him what I had told him
, that the manager, Sally, canceled the repairs.
Therefore no repairs were made that day.
See messages below.
S Sally - Manager Yes!
That's right 12:00 PM Okay we are here.
I just got here 12:00 PM too S Sally Manager > Wed, Sep 18 at 2:24 PM Hi sally.
This is Jennifer from 518 Stoneman.
We have maintenance coming for repairs that we talked about yesterday.
I know they will work on the baseboards or replace them.
My biggest concern is that there is mold growing under those baseboards and the floors
in that area because they were damaged from the water.
And we had days of water coming in the unit and being able to hear it when we walked
over the floor.
My concern is that the will only be replaced and they won't be accessed for mold or
mold growth.
Which was the main concern for filing a complaint with the county health department
.
Is anyone expected to access mold specifically?
To test or even look for mold?
Although I want this to all be 2:24 PM Although I want this to all be repaired, cosmetic
repairs seem pointless if they have underlying issues and can cause serious health
issues to my kids and James and I.
2:25 PM Okay, let me cancel the repairs and talk to my supervisor okay 2:26 PM Similar
to the crack and brown discoloration on the ceiling above the living room.
Will it be checked for water damage?
Or just patched up and painted.
Wed, Oct 2 at 9:57 AM 2:27 PM

--- Page 30 ---
Jennifer Burbank - 518 North Stoneman Ave, Alhambra, CA 91801 Sally called and I
missed her call.
I called her back in which she stated that they would conduct an Air test for mildew
and that we, as the tenants would be paying for it.
I told her I didn't agree with that because the water damage was not caused by us
as tenants.
She seemed slightly annoyed and I said, a technician can come to perform the test
but I will not be paying for it, regardless of the results and my preference was
for a comprehensive mold test, not simply an air test.
Sally mentioned that she came to my unit and she has been doing this (working as
a manager) for 10 plus years and my unit looked clean and did not smell, so she
did not believe there was any mold and no need for any test.
Sally followed up with this email below about the air test for mildew.
Sally Gutierrez From: sally@lotuspropertyservices.net To: Jen Barreda, Grace Cheng
Hello Jennifer, A Wed, Sep 18 at 4:27 PM Per our conversation today, I will have
an Air Testing Company test for mildew.
If results come back negative you will be responsible for the charges.
Please let me know we can move forward to contact the company and schedule an appointment
.
Confirm you received Thanks.
Sent from my iPhone - September 20, 2024 – I request maintenance through the online
portal to request mail keys that work so that I can get my mail without struggling
to open the mailbox.
(Request # 72585-1) I also request maintenance through the online portal to repair
the weather stripping at the front door because it is hard to open and close the front
door.
(Request # 72586-1) I request for the wax seal and bolts in the master bedroom toilet
be replaced as previously told (back in May by Brad Martinez) because the toilet
leaks randomly from the bottom and spills onto floor and any of our personal items
in the restroom.
(Request # 72588-1) I notice a small slow leak coming from a pipe in the garage
that sits above the third parking spot, and under the outdoor patio.
I report it through the online portal as well.
I also include the ceiling that is also leaking in the garage.
(Request # 72593-1) I also request maintenance through the online portal with concerns
regarding water leaks, water damage, cracks in walls, peeling paint and mold in
stair well leading to garage.
(Request # 72589-1) I also request for a comprehensive mold inspection in the unit
where there has been obvious water damage and where it continues to leak throughout
the year (the garage ceiling).
(Request # 72590-1) September 24 & 25, 2024 - We receive a text message from someone
at Wynd Plumbing (818-600- 2191) who states that they were contacted by our management
company about a leak and asked for our availability for a plumber to be sent over
.
We discuss which leak they are referring to and schedule for a plumber to come on
Saturday, September 28, 2024 between 12-2pm.
September 25, 2024 - Sally emails me to confirm that Mold Technical Services, Inc
can come to the unit for a mold test on 10/01/24 at 11am.
She said she will be there that day too.
I respond to let her know that unfortunately Tuesday does not work and request if
it can be done on a Wednesday or Thursday.
I also not that I am not responsible for any fees or payment of this test, regardless
of the results.
She responds to ask if Wednesday, 10/02/24 at 10am works and I confirm that it does
.

--- Page 31 ---
Jennifer Burbank - 518 North Stoneman Ave, Alhambra, CA 91801 September 26, 2024
- We receive the official housing discrimination complaint filed by HUD and CRD in
the mail via certified mail and so do the landlords.
September 28, 2024 – Plumber named Angel arrives to inspect everything in the unit
related to plumbing.
I show him the toilet in the master bedroom, where he saw the seal at the edge of
the toilet bowl had water damage and said the toilet is an old toilet and more than
likely it required new wax seals and new bolts or a replacement of the toilet.
The plumber saw the slow active leak which sat in the garage, below the patio and
above the third parking spot.
He observed the garage, outside of the garage and the above outdoor patio and stated
it appears the water is coming from the patio and more than likely has poor weather
proofing and would need to be replaced.
He noted a pipe that was poorly done and asked who fixed it.
I had no idea and he said that it needed to be fixed right away.
He stated he would mention all this in his report and send it to our management company
.
The plumber only inspected issues but did not actually make any repairs or fix anything
.
October 2, 2024 - A technician and the manager, Sally, arrive to the unit to conduct
an air test for mold.
The technician stated this was a preliminary test.
James asked Sally if the landlords would be open or okay to us conducting a more comprehensive
mold test that we would pay out of our pocket to ensure there is no mold under the
floor and baseboards and any mold growing behind the walls.
Sally said she would ask the landlords.
October 9, 2024 - I request maintenance through the online portal because we saw
water under the floor again where we had previous water damage, in between the front
door and the downstairs restroom / entry way.
(Request # 73279-1) I email Sally to follow up on the results of the mold air test
that was conducted on 10/02/24 and to follow up on the report or status of the plumber
who came to inspect the unit and saw the active leak in the garage, on 9/28/24.
October 15, 2024 - Sally emails us the results of the mold air test and the report
.
She states that the results did not detect elevated levels of moisture.
She said the request for mold will now be closed and this report should suffice.
She states that another plumber has been trying to contact us regarding “ the parking
area " which is the garage.
She emails again to say that repairs are scheduled for 10/16/24 between 12-5pm.
She stated another plumber has been trying to contact us with no response to inspect
the flooring water that we noticed again.
I don't recall a plumber or two plumbers trying to reach me.
October 16, 2024 - Sally and a plumber come to the unit.
They both walked through the unit to look at the garage, specifically at the pipes
and the ceiling that leaks randomly.
This plumber noticed the same pipe that the previous plumber noticed, that was poorly
done.
He stated to James that it needed to be replaced.
He also pointed out that the pipe was cracked and needed to be replaced.
They also inspected the patio and turned on the water hose for about 5-7 minutes to
see if any water was leaking below and said they did not notice any leaks.
The plumber left and a technician arrived to the unit to patch up peeled paint from
the staircase that leads down to the garage.
The technician also patched up one baseboard by the entry way and patched up a crack
on the ceiling in the living room, as well as fix the weather stripping at the front
door.
After this the technician and Sally left.

--- Page 32 ---
Jennifer Burbank – 518 North Stoneman Ave, Alhambra, CA 91801 October 17, 2024
- I email Sally about the maintenance and request for a timeline of when the repairs
will take place because at this point, since 9/5/24 since they took over the unit
as the management company, they have not done much to address our concerns.
We have seen a lot of inspecting and visual note taking but no real repairs happening
.
We are beginning to grow frustrated with the management company as they appear to
be dismissive of our concerns and / or purposely delaying the repairs.
Jen Barreda From: jenbarreda@yahoo.com To: Sally Gutierrez, Grace Cheng Cc: jamesburbank91@gmail.com
Good Afternoon Sally, Thu, Oct 17 at 2:22 PM ✰ I am following up on the maintenance
that was scheduled yesterday (October 16, 2024).
It appears that two areas in the stair well leading down to the garage were patched
up where there was visible paint peeling.
The weather stripping at the front door has been replaced or fixed and now the door
easily opens and closes.
I also noted the peeling on the ceiling in the living room was also patched up.
However, the baseboards that you have mentioned many times, have not been touched
.
The patio was again, visibly inspected, by another plumber with no repairs made
or resolution.
The toilet in the master bedroom has been reported as leaking since May 30, 2024.
It was initially reported to Brad and Vicki Martinez.
Brad inspected the toilet himself and stated the he noticed a small drip while flushing
and tightened the bolt.
He stated he would order a new seal and bolts as the ones installed were old.
I have now reported this same issue to you through the online portal, and to my surprise
, it has been dismissed and not been repaired.
I am asking again, to replace the toilet or to fix the toilet in the master bedroom
.
Having to deal with toilet water on the floor, damaging my bath rug and potentially
the floor is unacceptable, especially since it has been four months and a half since
we initially reported this issue, and nearly a month (27 days) since we have brought
it to your attention.
The water intrusion coming into the unit in the living room from under the flooring
is concerning and it is highly important and urgent.
I am requesting an immediate and specific timeline of when this issue is going to
be addressed and repaired.
I am also requesting an immediate and specific timeline of when the leaks and pipes
/ plumbing in the garage will be addressed and repaired.
This has become a burden to us as tenants and it is unacceptable.
As tenants we have rights and we will exercise our tenant rights if these issues are
not addressed, repaired and all completed within a timely manner.
I will go ahead and make more maintenance requests for each issue that has failed
to be repaired or has been negligently dismissed.
My requests should not be " canceled " through the online portal or considered " complete
" if they have not been addressed and repaired.
You have stated that all repairs need to be discussed with the landlords, Brad and
Vicki Martinez, before moving forward.
Are the delays and lack of repairs due to Brad and Vicki Martinez delaying repairs
and refusing to make other repairs in the unit?
Please advise on why the repairs are being delayed and or are being dismissed.
I am requesting the full report from the initial walk through inspection when the
take over occurred, a full report of when the plumber came to the unit on September
28, 2024 (the plumber stated he would be writing a report to his supervisor) and
any reports or notes that include a timeline of these issues being addressed and repaired
, primarily the outdoor patio and the plumbing in the garage.
Sincerely, Jennifer Burbank October 22, 2024 – I request maintenance again through
the online portal for water entering the unit from under the floor by the front door
/ entry way.
I state floor has had water damage since February 2024 and the floor is only getting
worse.
The baseboards are also in need of repair / replacement.
I ask for them to address the underlying issue of WHY the water is entering the unit
and to address that so that it can be addressed before it starts to rain again as
the rainy season is approaching soon.
(Request # 73730-1) October 22, 2024 - I follow - up with Sally on the maintenance
email from 10/17/24 since I have yet to receive a response.
Jen Barreda From: jenbarreda@yahoo.com To: Sally Gutierrez, Grace Cheng Cc: jamesburbank91@gmail.com
Good Morning Sally, I am following up on my email from Thursday, October 17th.
Please see email below.
She responds to my email with the response below: Sally Gutierrez From: sally@lotuspropertyservices.net
To: Jen Barreda, Grace Cheng Cc: jamesburbank91@gmail.com Good Morning Jen, I
will respond to you with in this week.
Thanks, Sally Gutierrez - Property Manager Lotus Property Services, Inc.
Tue, Oct 22 at 9:56 AM Tue, Oct 22 at 9:46 AM

--- Page 33 ---
Jennifer Burbank – 518 North Stoneman Ave, Alhambra, CA 91801 And then responds
again: Sally Gutierrez From: sally@lotuspropertyservices.net To: Jen Barreda,
Grace Cheng Cc: jamesburbank91@gmail.com Hello Jennifer, Tue, Oct 22 at 4:07 PM
I have emailed you the annual inspection report requested by you, See below for response
.
Regarding the baseboard, the one that was repaired is the one to the right side of
your living room where the little table is located, it was detaching from the wall
.
We did not see anything wrong with the baseboard to the left between the entry door
and the restroom.
The plumber and I inspected the patio on 10/16/2024 and turned on the water hose for
10 to 15 minutes on all sides including the area where the plants are located.
We also waited for a while to see if any water leaked inside your entry way and in
the garage area.
No signs of water intrusion were found.
As for the toilet upstairs in the master bedroom, we also inspected and per the plumber
there were no leak.
We did let James know about the toilet upstairs and found no leaks and James said
he just wanted to make sure.
Per the property Owners, he as well inspected your toilet, tightened the bolts,
and found no leaks at that time.
Again, if you feel the toilet is leaking, please notify me immediately and I will
return to inspect during the leak.
For the pipes in garage area, no leaks were found either.
The plumber I was with on 10/16 did suggest that there may be small cracks in the
foundation that may result in some water seeping through.
The area was inspected by the plumber, and all was found to be dry on the day we
inspected it.
I have emailed you the annual inspection report requested by you, See below for response
.
Regarding the baseboard, the one that was repaired is the one to the right side of
your living room where the little table is located, it was detaching from the wall
.
We did not see anything wrong with the baseboard to the left between the entry door
and the restroom.
The plumber and I inspected the patio on 10/16/2024 and turned on the water hose for
10 to 15 minutes on all sides including the area where the plants are located.
We also waited for a while to see if any water leaked inside your entry way and in
the garage area.
No signs of water intrusion were found.
As for the toilet upstairs in the master bedroom, we also inspected and per the plumber
there were no leak.
We did let James know about the toilet upstairs and found no leaks and James said
he just wanted to make sure.
Per the property Owners, he as well inspected your toilet, tightened the bolts,
and found no leaks at that time.
Again, if you feel the toilet is leaking, please notify me immediately and I will
return to inspect during the leak the same for the entry flooring.
For the pipes in garage area, no leaks were found either.
The plumber I was with on 10/16 did suggest that there may be small cracks in the
foundation that may result in some water seeping through.
The area was inspected by the plumber, and all was found to be dry on the day we
inspected it.
Thanks, Sally Gutierrez - Property Manager Lotus Property Services, Inc.
October 22, 2024 - Sally finally shares with us the inspection that initially took
place on 9/12/24 through the online portal.
October 22, 2024 - I notice an email thread in my junk mailbox from Sally, the manager
.
In the email thread she is talking to the landlords of the unit, Vicki, Brad and
Gail Calhoun.
In this email thread, Sally makes false allegations in which she states to them that
I denied maintenance in person and that she spoke to me afterwards where I claimed
I wanted a mold test before anything was done.
She states she contacted the inspector and notified them of the issue they had with
me being noncompliant and the inspector was aware and instructed Sally to keep a log
of the communication with me, dates and time, which she states she has.
So now, she is not only lying about the facts of the situation but she is falsely
documenting " noncompliance " to paint me as a bad tenant, when that is not true
.
October 24, 2024 - We hire a home inspector to come to the unit and complete a full
inspection.
The inspector provides us with a full and complete report of the unit, inside and
out.
October 24, 2024 - I respond to Sally's email regarding the maintenance follow up
.
Jen Barreda From: jenbarreda@yahoo.com To: Grace Cheng, Sally Gutierrez Cc: jamesburbank91@gmail.com
Good Afternoon Sally, Thu, Oct 24 at 12:10 PM ✰ I want to address the ongoing concerns
that seem to contradict your recent statements in your previous email.
I continue to experience significant issues with water intrusion from the patio,
which has led to leaks into the garage and is causing moisture damage to the baseboards
and the flooring by the entryway and restroom.
This continuous water intrusion is concerning, as it could pose safety and health
risks for me and my family.
The toilet in the master bedroom has been leaking intermittently when flushed, leaving
water on the floor.
The owner previously mentioned on May 30 that he would replace the old seal and bolts
, but that hasn't happened yet.
During the first plumber's visit on September 28, an active leak was identified in
the garage coming from one of the pipes, and he noted poorly done plumbing from previous
work, stating that the certain pipes should be replaced.
The second plumber, who came on October 16 with you, mentioned that a pipe was cracked
and needed replacement.
This not only contradicts your statement that no leaks were found, but it also fails
to acknowledge that the pipes in the garage currently require maintenance.
In addition to these concerns, I noticed that your previous email did not mention
a timeline for addressing the root cause of the water intrusion.
As the patio seems to be the main source of water entering the unit, it's essential
that this issue is fixed to prevent ongoing damage.
Can you provide an update on when the patio will be addressed, and if there is a
plan in place to resolve the water intrusion at its source?
Simply repairing baseboards or cosmetic damages without fixing the underlying problem
seems ineffective, as the same issues will likely continue.
The baseboard that you stated was repaired appears to have only been filled with an
adhesive or filler, rather than removed and replaced with a new baseboard.
This is alarming given the obvious water damage to the baseboard, and since it wasn't
replaced, it remains damaged.
Filling it without replacement does not seem to address the underlying issue of water
exposure, and the baseboard is still in poor condition.
The other baseboard in which you claim " we did not see anything wrong " shows visible
separation from the wall, which is a sign of water damage, which I have stated numerous
times to you and the landlords.
The baseboards in the restroom by the entry way are also visibly damaged and were
left untouched.
Lastly, the plumber's suggestion of small cracks in the foundation causing water
seepage is a serious matter that could lead to further significant damage if not properly
addressed.
Can you provide a timeline or plan for when this issue will be resolved to prevent
further damage and water intrusion?
I would like to understand why these necessary repairs and maintenance seem to be
overlooked.
Could you clarify whether the delays in repairs and dismissal of repairs are due to
decisions made by the landlords or if this is a matter of the property management
company in which you represent, not recognizing the urgency of these issues?
As I mentioned in my previous email, I would like to request a copy of any reports
or notes from both plumbers who inspected the unit on September 28 and October 16
.

--- Page 34 ---
Jennifer Burbank - 518 North Stoneman Ave, Alhambra, CA 91801 Grace Cheng responds
to my email and states that the owner (Brian Gordon) of Lotus Property Services
, Inc.
called me and left a message for me and James to discuss.
I received a missed call from Lotus while I was work.
When I called back, no one answered, it was the main line.
I sent Sally a text message asking if she had been trying to reach me since I had
a missed call from Lotus, she said no.
Jen, Grace Cheng From: grace@lotuspropertyservices.net To: Jen Barreda, Sally
Gutierrez Cc: jamesburbank91@gmail.com Thu, Oct 24 at 5:43 PM Our broker and company
owner, Brian Gordon, called and left a message for you and James today to discuss
.
Kindly give him a call back as soon as you can.
He can be reached at (626) 582-8001 ext.
104.
Thanks you!
Grace Cheng - Director of Portfolio Management Lotus Property Services, Inc.
Grace Cheng Lic # D1887973 Director of Portfolio Management 4157 East Live Oak Ave.
Arcadia, CA 91006 a.
626.582.8001 ext.
108 f.
626.582.8005 grace@lotuspropertyservices.net Lic # 01764292 Lotus Property Services
, Inc.
Real Estate Investment Management Missed call from Brian Gordon Below: Text Message
to Sally Below: EL MONTE, CA +1 (626) 582-8001 October 24, 2024 2:21 PM Missed
Call S Sally Manager Although I want this to all be repaired, cosmetic repairs seem
pointless if they have underlying issues and can cause serious health issues to my
kids and James and I.
Okay, let me cancel the repairs and talk to my supervisor okay Similar to the crack
and brown discoloration on the ceiling above the living room.
Will it be checked for water damage?
Or just patched up and painted.
Wed, Oct 2 at 9:57 AM I respond to Grace's email: Jen Barreda From: jenbarreda@yahoo.com
To: Grace Cheng Cc: Sally Gutierrez, jamesburbank91@gmail.com Hello Grace, 2:25
PM 2:26 PM 2:27 PM Hi sally, can you call James at 213-858-1725.
He is home and expecting you.
Thanks!
9:57 AM Thu, Oct 24 at 2:28 PM Hi sally.
I just received a missed call from Lotus Property Management.
Were you trying to reach me?
If so, please go ahead and email or text me.
No, not me iMessage 2:28 PM 2:46 PM A Thu, Oct 24 at 6:37 PM Thank you for the message
.
I received missed call from the lotus property services general number, I assumed
it was Sally trying to reach me.
However, Sally confirmed she was not the one who called me and no voicemail was left
.
Therefore, I had no way to verify who called and was trying to reach me.
Please go ahead and share my email and James ' email with Brian.
I would prefer for all communication to be in writing either via email or text message
.
Thank you and have good evening.

--- Page 35 ---
Jennifer Burbank - 518 North Stoneman Ave, Alhambra, CA 91801 October 24, 2024
- This same day I receive a call from an inspector of the LA County Health Department
at 1:48 pm asking if she can come to inspect the unit same day.
I tell her yes and she arrives later in the afternoon around 4pm.
She states she cannot take photos of anything, she cannot take swab samples to test
for mold or mildew and recommended that we have a third party mold company test for
mold if we had concerns about mold under the floors.
James showed her some black mold in the closet by the entry way from a 3 inch piece
of a baseboard that was loose and we removed.
Although she saw the black mold, she said she cannot assess and state that it is
mold and that she cannot swab it to test to ensure that it is in fact mold.
She did notice a violation for peeled paint by the windowsill in the living room.
Essentially, this visit from the inspector was disappointing and pointless.
She stated she would make a report and send it to the landlords.
October 28, 2024 - I email to follow up again on the pending maintenance.
I had previously followed up on 10/24/24 and have not heard a response.
Jen Barreda From: jenbarreda@yahoo.com To: Sally Gutierrez, Grace Cheng Cc: jamesburbank91@gmail.com
Good Afternoon Sally, I am following up on the email I sent on Thursday, October
24 regarding pending maintenance requests in the rental unit of 518 N Stoneman.
Please reply to address all my concerns from that email, at your earliest convenience
.
Thank you.
Mon, Oct 28 at 2:06 PM October 28, 2024 - I received a phone call from Brian Gordon
, the co - owner of the management property company, where he threatened me to speak
with him and take his call as it was a " last resort " and that the landlords are
ready and within their right to give us a 60 day eviction notice.
He stated he went over my tenant file and this was the last resort, speaking with
him.
I keep reiterating that I preferred to speak with him in writing, either through
email or text message and he kept saying no, and presuming I didn't want to speak
with him.
We set up a tentative phone call for 10/29 at 6pm to include my husband on the call
.
I do some research and per the Lotus website, I notice Brian Gordon is a Realtor
.
DRE Lic # 01302670 who apparently believes in threatening and intimidating tenants
.
EL MONTE, CA +1 (626) 582-8001 $ message call video mail pay October 28, 2024
4:38 PM Incoming Call 3 minutes Brian Gordon Co - Owner DRE Lic # 01302670

--- Page 36 ---
Jennifer Burbank - 518 North Stoneman Ave, Alhambra, CA 91801 October 29, 2024
- I followed up via email to Brian Gordon, Sally (the manager) and Grace Cheng
(personnel from management company) to summarize my phone call with Brian the evening
before.
Below is the email I sent to all.
Jen Barreda From: jenbarreda@yahoo.com To: brian@lotuspropertyservices.net, Sally
Gutierrez, Grace Cheng, brian_gordon@sbcglobal.net Cc: jamesburbank91@gmail.com
Bcc: Jen Barreda Good Morning Brian, R Tue, Oct 29 at 11:50 AM I wanted to follow
up regarding our phone conversation on October 28, 2024, at 4:38 PM, which lasted
approximately three minutes.
When you first called, I expressed my preference to communicate in writing, via
email.
You acknowledged seeing my previous email indicating this preference, yet you highly
recommended that my husband (James Burbank) and I speak with you directly via phone
.
Despite my repeated statements that I was happy to communicate with you, I reiterated
that I preferred to do so in writing.
During our call, you mentioned a few times that speaking with me over the phone was
a last resort and that it would be in my best interest to speak with you.
You stated that you had reviewed our file and indicated that if we chose not to communicate
with you directly, you would turn the file over to the owners.
You stated that the owners are within their legal right to issue us a 60 - day eviction
notice, to which I stated the owners would need a valid reason to do so, and they
don't have a valid reason.
You then stated the owners do have a valid reason, as they are planning to put the
unit on the market and sell because they no longer wish to deal with residential rentals
.
You reiterated that you are a last resort and you recommended speaking with you or
being issued a 60 - day eviction notice.
You expressed a desire to set up a phone call with my husband and me, assuring me
that everything discussed would be documented in writing afterward.
I asked for you to email me various times and dates with your availability to which
you responded that you were available that same day to speak.
I mentioned I was not available to speak and neither was my husband.
You asked about today (October 29, 2024) and I said that might work.
Before the call ended, we set up a tentative call scheduled for today, October 29
, 2024 at 6:00 PM.
Additionally, this phone call is a direct response to my email in which I questioned
the lack of repairs, delay in repairs and lack of urgency in the unit from either
the owners of the unit or the Property Management Company.
Sincerely, Jennifer Burbank October 29, 2024 - Brian Gordon called at 6:01 pm and
briefly spoke with us for 3 minutes.
We had this call on speaker phone and James asked if we can record the call to which
he stated he did not consent the recording of the call.
Brian stated that he has reviewed our tenant file, is ready to hand it over to the
landlords and they are within their legal right to give us a 60 day notice and stated
we are we have made over 10 reports (maintenance requests) to which we stated were
valid repairs and necessary repairs.
He stated he has reviewed all the reports and there is nothing.
He again stated this was the " last resort " but offered no resolution or reason why
our situation and lack of repairs in the unit has escalated to speaking with him and
is not considered the " last resort ”.
This call was very threatening and a clear intimidation tactic from Brian Gordon and
the management company to silence us from reporting any repairs or concerns.
Although Brian did not consent to recording the call, we do have home cameras that
were recording and the phone call was on speaker phone, therefore we do have a home
recording in which you can hear the conversation.
EL MONTE, CA +1 (626) 582-8001 $ message call video mail pay October 29, 2024
6:01 PM Incoming Call 3 minutes

--- Page 37 ---
Jennifer Burbank - 518 North Stoneman Ave, Alhambra, CA 91801 October 30, 2024
- I receive a call from First Reliable Maintenance regarding making a repair for the
violation based on the LA County Health Department.
CJ asked if they can have a technician arrive that same day within an hour.
I said no.
I was at work and it was too last minute notice.
This call was at 3:15 pm.
CJ asked about 10/31 in the afternoon and I said no because it is Halloween and we
already have plans to Trick or Treat with our kids.
We agreed for a technician to come on Friday, 11/01/24 from 4pm to 6pm.
October 31, 2024 - I receive an email from Sally about the report from the LA County
Health Department.
Sally Gutierrez From: sally@lotuspropertyservices.net To: Jen Barreda, jamesburbank91@gmail.com
Cc: Grace Cheng Thu, Oct 31 at 2:54 PM Hello Jen and James, We received an official
inspection report from Department of Public Health from an onsite inspection they've
conducted on 10/24/2024.
Overall inspection comments: Per Inspector - No active water leaks in garage and
living room were found, no uneven / cracked floor observed in unit and no visible
mold was observed.
You are scheduled per our maintenance department for this Friday, 11/01/2024 after
4:00 pm to correct one violation found in your living room area windowsill.
I will be closing out the two open work orders still pending of your claims of leaks
and uneven flooring.
If you have any questions, feel free to contact me.
Thanks, Sally Gutierrez - Property Manager Lotus Property Services, Inc.
Report from LA County Health Department:

--- Page 38 ---
Jennifer Burbank – 518 North Stoneman Ave, Alhambra, CA 91801 OFFICIAL INSPECTION
REPORT COUNTY OF LOS ANGELES DEPARTMENT OF PUBLIC HEALTH OFFICE: SAN GABRIEL VALLEY
CHIEF: RICHARD LAVIN 1435 WEST COVINA PKWY ROOM 5, WEST COVINA, CA 91790 - Phone
: (626) 813-3346 WWW.PUBLICHEALTH.LACOUNTY.GOV/EH 55 Comer or Los A Public Health
Facility Name: Owner Permittee: Facility Address: 518 N STONEMAN AVE Program Identifier
.
N / A Inspection Date: 10/24/2024 Re - inspection Date: 11/7/2024 City State Zip
: ALHAMBRA CA 91801 Time Inc 04:46 PM FA: N / A Record ID: CO0439533 PE: 2490 Time
Out: 05:27 PM Service: COMPLAINT INVESTIGATION Result: CORRECTIVE ACTION / FOLLOW
UP REQUIRED Action: REINSPECTION REQUIRED 1.I Violation: Wall / Ceiling / Floor
- General - Unit Wall / Ceiling / Floor- General Violation Text: Walls / Ceilings
/ Floors shall be maintained in good repair or condition.
11 Los Angeles County Code 11.20.140, 11.20.160, 11.20.170 Corrective Action: Repair
/ replace all damaged, broken, buckled, missing, or deteriorated walls / cellings
.
Observed approximately 6 inches cracks on the wall near the window sill in the living
room.
OVERALL INSPECTION COMMENTS The purpose of this visit is to conduct a complaint investigation
in allegation of " Garage ceiling leaks, living room has water damages that were
not fixed, brown spotting / stains on ceiling, cracks in patio, uneven floor &
creaking.
highly suspect mold in unit " at 518 Stoneman Ave, Alhambra, CA 91801.
At the time of inspection, observed the following: -Approximately 6 inches cracks
on the wall near the window sill in the living room.
-No active water leaks in the garage and living room.
-No uneven / cracked floor observed in the unit.
- No visible mold observed in the unit.
A re - inspection will be conducted on or after 11/07/2024.
The re - inspection date listed above is the first possible date that an inspector
will return to determine if you are in compliance with the violations listed on the
report.
If your representative wants to be present during the re - inspection, please contact
the office via phone number listed on the front page to schedule an appointment.
All violations shall be corrected before the re - inspection date, as compliance
will be assessed.
For continued non - compliance, a billable re - inspection will be charged per occurrence
.
Failure to meet compliance for outstanding violations may result in a compliance review
, Franchise Tax Board referral, or further legal action if required.
Report sent via US Mail to the address on file on 10/28/2024.
For questions or concerns pertaining to this report, please call the office at the
phone number listed on the front of this report.
US.
Mail PIC / Owner Signature MENG XU EHS Signature Help us serve you better by completing
a short survey.
Visit our website at http://publichealth.lacounty.gov/ch/about/customer-service.htm
.
Page 1 of 2

--- Page 39 ---
Jennifer Burbank – 518 North Stoneman Ave, Alhambra, CA 91801 OFFICIAL INSPECTION
REPORT COUNTY OF LOS ANGELES OFFICE: SAN GABRIEL VALLEY DEPARTMENT OF PUBLIC HEALTH
CHIEF: RICHARD LAVIN 1435 WEST COVINA PKWY ROOM 5, WEST COVINA, CA 91790 WWW.PUBLICHEALTH
LACOUNTY.GOV/EH Phone: (626) 813-3346 Facility Name: Facility Address: 518 N
STONEMAN AVE FA: N / A PR: N / A 55 COUNTY OF LOS ANDERS Public Health Inspection
Date: 10/24/2024 City State Zip: ALHAMBRA CA 91801 Phone: SR: N / A CO: C00439533
PE: 2490 It is improper and illegal for any County officer, employee or inspector
to solicit bribes, gifts or gratuities in connection with performing their official
duties.
Improper solicitations include requests for anything of value such as cash, free
services, paid travel or entertainment, or tangible items such as food or beverages
.
Any attempt by a County employee to solicit bribes, gifts or gratuities for any reason
should be reported immediately to either the County manager responsible for supervising
the employee or the Fraud Hotline at (800) 544-6861 or www.lacountyfraud.org.
YOU MAY REMAIN ANONYMOUS.
Failure to correct the violations by the compliance date may result in additional
fees.
Your signature on this form does not constitute agreement with its contents.
You may discuss this content of this report by contacting the supervisor at the phone
number of the Environmental Health office indicated on front page of this report.
Until such time as a decision is rendered by this department, the content of this
report shall remain in effect.
By signing below the Person in Charge / Owner understands the above noted violations
and statements.
ADVISORIES / WARNINGS CALIFORNIA STATE FRANCHISE TAX BOARD WARNING Section 17274 and
24436.5 of the State Revenue and Taxation code provide, in part, that a taxpayer
, who derives rental income from housing determined by the local regulatory agency
to be substandard by reason of violation of State or local codes dealing with health
, safety, or building, cannot deduct from State personal income tax and bank and
corporation income tax, deductions for interest, depreciation or taxes attributable
to such substandard structure where the substandard conditions are not corrected within
six (6) months after notice of violation by the regulatory agency.
THE DATE OF THIS NOTICE MARKS THE BEGINNING OF THAT SIX - MONTH PERIOD.
The Department is required by law to notify the Franchise Tax Board of failure to
comply with these code sections.
Please be advised that the above WARNING is for purpose of compliance with the State
Revenue and Taxation Code only.
Compliance with Health Laws as noted on the attached Inspection Report or Notice of
Violation must be made within the time specified on the report or notice.
LEAD CORRECTION ADVISORY WARNING: You are hereby advised that corrections ordered
by this report official notice may disturb surfaces that may contain lead - based
paint.
Lead - based paint can be commonly found in housing built prior to 1978.
Prior to making any corrections ordered and in conjunction with repairs or rehabilitation
, you must determine if lead is present in the dwelling unit apartment room.
All corrective actions must be conducted in a manner that will protect occupants,
workers, and other from exposure to contamination For further information on lead
hazards call 1 (800) LA - 4 - LEAD.
OTHER INDOOR ENVIRONMENTAL HAZARDS Exposure to internal environmental elements, such
as asbestos, molds, and mildew, dust mites, droppings from cockroaches and rodents
, carbon monoxide, formaldehyde, pesticides, and radon also contribute to unhealthy
housing environments.
All corrective actions must be conducted in a manner that will protect occupants,
workers, and others from exposure to these elements.
LI US.Mail PIC / Owner Signature MENG XU EHS Signature Help us serve you better by
completing a short survey.
Visit our website at http://publichealth.lacounty.gov/ch/about/customer-service.htm
.
Page 2 of 2

--- Page 40 ---
Jennifer Burbank - 518 North Stoneman Ave, Alhambra, CA 91801 November 1, 2024
- The technician from First Reliable Maintenance (owned by Brian Gordon) never arrived
as scheduled between 4 pm-6pm.
I sent an email to Sally and Grace to inform them.
Jen Barreda From: jenbarreda@yahoo.com To: Sally Gutierrez Cc: jamesburbank91@gmail.com
, Grace Cheng Fri, Nov 1 at 6:42 PM * Hello Sally, I wanted to inform you that the
technician was scheduled to arrive today, November 1, 2024, between 4:00 pm and
6:00 pm.
It is now 42 minutes past the scheduled timeframe with no arrival or contact regarding
any delay.
I will no longer be available this evening, please reach out to arrange a new day
and time for the technician's visit.
November 4, 2024 - I email again to follow up on the pending maintenance which I
previously emailed about on 10/24/24 and 10/28/24 and still no response.
Jen Barreda From: jenbarreda@yahoo.com To: Sally Gutierrez, Grace Cheng Cc: jamesburbank91@gmail.com
Good Morning, A Mon, Nov 4 at 10:43 AM I am following up again on when the pipes
in the garage will be repaired and if there are any plans to fix or address the issue
in the patio which has caused water intrusion and has not been addressed.
I also sent a follow up email on October 28, 2024, with no response to my questions
.
I am also following up on my previous request for copies of the plumbers reports,
for both dates, September 28, 2024 and October 16, 2024.
Brian mentioned briefly in a call on October 29, 2024 that he has reviewed the reports
from the plumbers and I would like to have a copy for my records.
I receive a call from First Reliable Maintenance, from CJ, who wants to set up an
appointment to have a technician come and make the repair for the violation that the
LA County Health Department was citing them for.
The technician was originally scheduled to come on 11/1/24 between 4 pm-6pm and never
arrived.
CJ made it seem as if the technician arrived or attempted to make the repair and that
it was my fault as the tenant, for the reason the scheduled maintenance didn't occur
.
I quickly informed CJ that no technician arrived at all.
I let her know that no one contacted me either by phone, text or email and that there
is no record of a technician arriving to my front door per my front door camera.
Once I informed her of this, she quickly stated that the technician actually did
not have the gate code and that is why he did not show up for the repairs.
She alleges that the technician took a picture of the outside of the complex and that
allegedly I was called at 5:32 pm.
I asked what number the technician called and she could not provide any information
.
I have no records of any phone call, both on my phone log and my phone statements
from my phone carrier.
We ended up rescheduling for 11/6/24 between 8 am-11am and the technician is from
First Reliable Maintenance (this is owned by Brian Gordon).
I provided CJ again with my cell phone number, James's cell number and the gate code
.
I specifically asked that she relay that message to the technician to avoid another
missed maintenance.
I followed up with Sally and Grace in an email of this phone conversation.
Jen Barreda From: jenbarreda@yahoo.com To: Sally Gutierrez Cc: jamesburbank91@gmail.com
, Grace Cheng Good Morning Sally, Mon, Nov 4 at 10:23 AM I am following up regarding
the technician that was scheduled on Friday, November 1, 2024, between 4:00 pm
and 6:00 pm.
I was present during the entire appointment window and did not receive any calls from
the technician or your office.
I have reviewed my phone records, which confirm that no calls were made during that
time frame or at 5:32 pm, which is when the technician allegedly called.
Therefore this missed appointment was not due to any fault on my part.
I received a call this morning from CJ at First Reliable Maintenance to reschedule
the maintenance appointment.
CJ explained that the technician did not have the gate code of the building.
Given that the maintenance company and the management company share the same ownership
, I would expect that the gate code should be accessible through the management team
, or that there would be sufficient communication to obtain it.
I have provided CJ the gate code and two phone numbers in which the technician should
have for Wednesdays scheduled appointment between 8:00 am and 11:00 am.
Please ensure that this information is accurately relayed to the technician for the
rescheduled appointment to prevent further issues and delays.
Gate Code: # 2001 Phone Numbers: 323-336-7829 and 213-858-1725 Appointment Date
: Wednesday, November 6, 2024 Appointment Time: 8:00 am to 11:00 am

--- Page 41 ---
Jennifer Burbank - 518 North Stoneman Ave, Alhambra, CA 91801 November 6, 2024
- I receive an email from Grace Cheng in the email thread where I am following up
on the pending maintenance of the cracked pipes, pipes that leak randomly, the toilet
that leaks, the patio that appears to have some crack or issues, which causes water
to enter the unit, and the concern for mold growth under the floors and baseboards
and replacement of the floors and baseboards.
This was the response she provided.
Jen, Grace Cheng From: grace@lotuspropertyservices.net To: Jen Barreda, Sally
Gutierrez Cc: jamesburbank91@gmail.com, Brian Gordon Wed, Nov 6 at 4:29 PM An email
was sent by Sally to you on 10/31/2024 with a copy of the report from the Los Angeles
County Public Health that was conducted on 10/24/2024 citing that there were " No
active water leaks in the garage and living room, no uneven / cracked floor observed
in the unit.
No visible mold observed in the unit.
" I am attaching it here again if you need it.
Ownership / management has no obligation to provide any further reports but the plumber
that was sent out also did not find any leaks.
No water intrusion or plumbing leaks have been witnessed by Ownership / management
since the time of your first report.
We rely on the expertise of licensed professionals in the assisting concerns raised
by all our tenants.
It is your obligation, as previously mentioned by Sally, to notify us immediately
of any water related issues so that we can observe and document them.
Thank you!
Grace Cheng - Director of Portfolio Management Lotus Property Services, Inc.
The technician from First Reliable Maintenance (owned by Brian Gordon) arrives to
fix the citation for peeled paint on the window sill of the living room window.
November 11, 2024 - I receive a call from CJ, from First Reliable Maintenance (
owned by Brian Gordon) who is asking if I'm available the same day to make some repairs
.
I ask what repairs and she states the repairs are: fixing screens in the second bedroom
, replacing blinds in second bedroom, replace the toilet in the master bedroom,
and change hinges in laundry cabinets.
I asked CJ who requested these repairs because 3 of the 4 repairs were not requested
or made by us as tenants.
She said that it was Lotus Property Services, Inc.
who was requesting the repairs which was surprising.
I let CJ know I was out running errands but would be home within an hour and that
a technician can come then.
She said she would schedule a technician to come later which was scheduled for 11/11
3 pm-7:30pm.
The technician, George, called me shortly afterwards to state he might arrive a
little earlier around 2:30 pm.
The technician arrived and replaced the screen which had a hole in it.
He inspected the toilet and observed the water damage, as well as the videos and
photos I had, which I showed him.
He stated that the toilet was indeed old but that it was not necessary to replace
the whole toilet, but instead to replace the wax seals and the bolts to avoid any
more water leaks.
He inspected the blinds and said that it doesn't appear that there is anything wrong
with them but that his request is to replace them so he will go ahead and measure
them and go purchase them at Home Depot.
The technician left and then called me to inform me that he found the blinds with
the correct measurement but needed them to be cut and the machine apparently was not
working.
He said that to replace the wax seals he would need an hour and a half to complete
it and he had another scheduled maintenance repair so he would not have enough to
come back and make the repairs.
I told him that was okay because I had dinner plans later and I would not want him
to start a repair if he could not finish it the same day.
The technician, George, also informed me that the lady at the front from First Reliable
Maintenance was upset with him for not being able to complete all the repairs same
day, he said that Brian Gordon had requested for those repairs to be done same day
and that they even offered the technician to work overtime and come back

--- Page 42 ---
Jennifer Burbank - 518 North Stoneman Ave, Alhambra, CA 91801 after the next repair
to fix it.
He stated he was not available for overtime (after 5pm) and that I also was not
available later.
I received a call from First Reliable Maintenance to repeat what the technician had
just stated about not being able to complete the repairs and wanting to schedule to
come in the following day at 8am.
I told her that I would not be available but that I would be on Wednesday or Thursday
and she said that currently the technicians were booked those days.
She asked about Friday, I let her know that I wasn't sure yet so I would call her
back to confirm if Friday, 11/15 worked.
November 12, 2024 - I receive a call from Stephanie at Platinum Windows and Showers
to schedule a maintenance appointment to fix a crack in a window in the second bedroom
restroom.
I asked who made the request because I had not requested that repair.
She said she was not sure and the request just came through from Lotus Property Services
, Inc.
so she believes it was the manager.
We agreed for a technician to arrive on Saturday, 11/16/24 at 9am.
I made sure to provide her with both my cell phone, James's cell phone and the gate
code.
I asked that she relay that information to the technician who would be arriving on
11/16/24.
November 14, 2024 - We receive an email from Brian Gordon, the co - owner of the
property management company, to notify us that Lotus Property Services, Inc.
will no longer be our management company as of 11/30/24.
Below is the email and the pdf letter we received.
Brian Gordon From: brian@lotuspropertyservices.net To: jenbarreda@yahoo.com, jamesburbank91@gmail.com
Cc: Grace Cheng, Sally Gutierrez James / Jennifer, Attached please find the correspondence
regarding Lotus no longer managing the condo where you live.
Brian Gordon TO: Lotus Property Services, Inc.
ALL RESIDENTS OF THE 518 N STONEMAN CONDO JAMES BURBANK / JENNIFER BURBANK 518 N STONEMAN
AVENUE ALHAMBRA, CA 91801 4157 East Live Oak Avenue Arcadia, California 91006 Office
626.582.8001 fax: 626.582.8005 VIA EMAIL AND MAILING FROM: LOTUS PROPERTY SERVICES
DATE: WEDNESDAY NOVEMBER 14, 2024 RE: CHANGE IN MANAGEMENT - LOTUS NO LONGER YOUR
CONTACT This letter is of intent to give formal written notification that Lotus Property
Services will no longer be managing the property effective November 30, 2024.
Prior to November 30, 2024, ownership will provide you with future contact information
and where to make your December rental payment.
Your rental agreements and accounting ledgers have been provided to the ownership
and all files have been transferred.
Thank you for your cooperation.
Brian Gordon Lotus Property Services, Inc.
Thu, Nov 14 at 6:12 PM *

--- Page 43 ---
Jennifer Burbank - 518 North Stoneman Ave, Alhambra, CA 91801 November 16, 2024
- A technician was scheduled to arrive at 9am to fix a crack on the window of the
second bedroom restroom.
No technician arrived, called, emailed, or messaged.
I called the vendor to ask about the status of the technician and the maintenance
.
I spoke to Stephanie briefly who said she would contact the technician and then reach
out to me.
She never followed up.
I called another time and no one answered.
I left a voicemail for someone to return my call to provide an update on the scheduled
maintenance and also to reschedule if necessary.
No one followed up.
Platinum Windows & Showers November 16, 2024 12:04 PM Outgoing Call 39 seconds 10:11
AM Outgoing Call 37 seconds P Contact Photo & Poster phone RECENT +1 (562) 786-3655
November 19, 2024 – I email Brian, Sally, Grace, Vicki, Brad and cc James and
Lauren who is our mediator with the landlords for our housing discrimination complaint
for our esa.
I have not had any contact with Vicki and Brad since we agreed to a month to month
tenancy, back in August.
We are currently working with Lauren to agree on a settlement for the housing discrimination
complaint.
Which is why she is included for transparency.
She is aware that the management company has been delaying or lacking in making repairs
in the unit and advised that I file a retaliation complaint with CRD.
This email is to inform all parties that the repair that Lotus requested did not occur
and asking for a follow up on when it will be rescheduled and repaired.
Maintenance - 11/16/2024 Jen Barreda From: jenbarreda@yahoo.com To: Brian Gordon
, Sally Gutierrez, Grace Cheng, Vicki Martinez, Brad Martinez Cc: jamesburbank91@gmail.com
, Lauren @ CalCivil Rights Witham Good Morning Sally, I am writing regarding a maintenance
repair request made by Lotus Property Services, Inc.
to repair a cracked window in the restroom of the second bedroom.
Yahoo / Sent✩ Tue, Nov 19 at 11:04 AM On Tuesday, November 12, 2024, I received
a call from Platinum Windows and Showers to schedule an appointment for this repair
.
The appointment was set for November 16, 2024, at 9:00 AM.
However, the technician did not arrive, and I received no phone call, email, or
message regarding a delay or cancellation.
At 10:11 AM, I contacted the vendor, and Stephanie, the representative, assured
me that she would call the technician and follow up.
When I did not hear back, I called again at 12:04 PM, but I was sent to voicemail
and left a message requesting an update.
As Lotus Property Services, Inc.
is still managing the unit and made the original repair request, I am requesting
a follow - up regarding when the repair will be completed.
If the repair is not addressed by November 30, 2024, when Lotus Property Services
, Inc.
will no longer manage this unit, I have included Brad & Vicki Martinez in this email
so they are aware of the pending maintenance issue.
For full transparency, I have also included Lauren Witham from the California Civil
Rights Department.

--- Page 44 ---
Jennifer Burbank - 518 North Stoneman Ave, Alhambra, CA 91801 November 19, 2024
- I respond to the email thread regarding the pending maintenance for the outdoor
patio and the cracked pipe in the garage.
Grace, Jen Barreda From: jenbarreda@yahoo.com To: Sally Gutierrez, Grace Cheng
Cc: jamesburbank91@gmail.com, Brian Gordon Tue, Nov 19 at 2:21 PM My email was
following up on a very obvious tear / crack in a pipe in the garage (above the first
parking spot, closest to the door to enter / exit garage).
This pipe in question has not shown any leaks.
However, there have been leaks in the garage.
Sally and others have inspected the unit and see the clear water stains on the ceiling
of the garage and the floor that came from a different pipe.
It is not my responsibility or obligation as a tenant to figure that why a pipe is
leaking, it is my duty to report to management, which I have done numerous times
with no actions from management and ownership.
Management sent a plumber to the unit on 9/28/24 who witnessed a slow leak in the
garage from a pipe that sits above the third parking spot, under the patio.
The plumber inspected the patio and the garage looking for the source of the issue
.
This plumber stated he would let management know of the leak and the need to address
it.
He also pointed out a separate pipe (sitting above the second parking spot and walkway
) that he saw was incorrectly put together and stated it should be addressed immediately
.
This licensed professional, contracted by management, stated these issues, yet
no repairs have been made.
I have also reported it on the online portal, again with photos for documentation
.
My request is still sitting in the portal with no urgency from management and ownership
.
I have fulfilled my obligations by reporting all issues and I am now awaiting for
management and ownership to fulfill their obligations as well.
Below is the cracked pipe I am referring to.
I also respond to another email thread regarding the mold test which was not conducted
properly.
It was an air test in which our HEPA air filters were on throughout the home.
We have them on 24/7 due to my allergies and because we have a dog.
Grace, Jen Barreda From: jenbarreda@yahoo.com To: Sally Gutierrez, Grace Cheng
Cc: jamesburbank91@gmail.com, Brian Gordon Tue, Nov 19 at 2:09 PM ✩ As previously
mentioned in my email, the results of this test that was conducted by a professional
, contracted by Lotus Property Services, Inc.
was not conducted accurately.
The day of the test, the entire unit had active HEPA air filters running.
This does not provide accurate results, and as previously mentioned, this was an
oversight by the professional.
It is not fair to state these results suffice when the the test itself was not conducted
accurately.
Ownership / management is responsible and legally obligated to maintain a habitable
living space for the tenants.
The mold in question is not any visible mold, but mold growing UNDER baseboards and
floorboards which were damaged back in February of 2024, prior to Lotus Property
Services, Inc.
managing the unit and again on October 9, 2024, as reported through the online with
photos for documentation.
Management did not arrive to the unit until 7 days later, on October 16, 2024.
By this date, Sally and the plumber that entered the unit, did not see any water
as reported.
The water had dried up within the week that it took for anyone to visit the unit to
inspect.
But again, I reported it as asked through the online portal and did provide photos
.
We currently have a maintenance scheduled for 11/21/24, between 1:30 pm-5:30pm for
the repairs that were scheduled on 11/11/24 that were not completed: replace wax
seal of toilet in master bedroom, replace blinds in second bedroom, and hinges of
laundry unit.

