--- Page 1 ---
From: Keaton W.
Larson via Docusign dse_NA4@docusign.net Subject: Completed: Review and Signature
Needed / Burbank, Jennifer v.
Calhoun Gail D Trust Date: September 12, 2024 at 11:52 PM To: James Burbank jamesburbank91@gmail.com
docusign Your document has been completed VIEW COMPLETED DOCUMENT Keaton W.
Larson Keaton.
W.
Larson@hud.gov All parties have completed Review and Signature Needed / Burbank,
Jennifer v.
Calhoun Gail D Trust.
Dear Complainant: You contacted our office alleging incidents of housing discrimination
.
Based on the information you provided to our office that we have found to be jurisdictional
under the federal fair housing laws enforced by this Office, we have drafted a complaint
(see attachment).
In order for an investigation to be initiated, we require that this complaint be
signed by you and any other complainants listed.
Please review the complaint, and if acceptable, please sign and date the complaint
using DocuSign.
If you are unable to use DocuSign, please notify me at R9Intakelnbox8@hud.gov, and
I can provide you the complaint in an alternative format.
We require this signed complaint in order to initiate an investigation.
The Privacy Act of 1974 (P.L.
93-579) requires that we give you certain information.
The authority for this form is under Title VIII of the Civil

--- Page 2 ---
Rights Act of 1968, as amended by the Fair Housing Amendments Act of 1988 (P.L.
100-430).
The information on this form is to be used to investigate and to process housing discrimination
complaints.
The information may be disclosed to the United States Department of Justice for its
use in the filing of pattern and practice suits of housing discrimination or the prosecution
of the person who committed the discrimination where violence is involved;
and to state or local fair housing agencies which administer substantially equivalent
fair housing laws for complaint processing.
The penalty for failure to provide some or all of the requested information is that
it will result in the delay or denial of HUD assistance.
Disclosure of this information is voluntary.
Please be advised that if your complaint is based on disability, it may be necessary
for the Department to communicate with your health care provider;
for that reason, during the investigation you may be asked to sign a Medical Release
.
Sincerely, Keaton Equal Opportunity Specialist Office of Fair Housing and Equal Opportunity
(FHEO) U.S.
Department of Housing and Urban Development 34 Civic Center Plaza, Room 7015 Santa
Ana, CA 92701-4003 Do Not Share This Email This email contains a secure link to Docusign
.
Please do not share this email, link, or access code with others.
Alternate Signing Method Visit Docusign.com, click ' Access Documents ', and enter
the security code: 23FC7C3464E24338880A529C151514157 About Docusign Sign documents
electronically in just minutes.
It's safe, secure, and legally binding.
Whether you're in an office, at home, on - the - go -- or even across the globe
-- Docusign provides a professional trusted solution for Digital Transaction Management
™.
Questions about the Document?
If you need to modify the document or have questions about the details in the document
, please reach out to the sender by emailing them directly.
Stop receiving this email

--- Page 3 ---
Report this email or read more about Declining to sign and Managing notifications
.
If you have trouble signing, visit " How to Sign a Document " on our Docusign Support
Center, or browse our Docusign Community for more information.
Download the Docusign App This message was sent to you by Keaton W.
Larson who is using the Docusign Electronic Signature Service.
If you would rather not receive email from this sender you may contact the sender
with your request.

