--- Page 1 ---
DISC - 003 / UD - 106 ATTORNEY OR PARTY WITHOUT ATTORNEY (Name, State Bar number
, and address): Anthony Marinaccio, 259335 Marinaccio Law 225 W Broadway, Suite
103 Glendale, CA 91204 ATTORNEY FOR (Name) Bradford M.
Martinez, Vicki L.
Martinez, and Gail Diane Calhoun AKA Gail Diane Houser SUPERIOR COURT OF CALIFORNIA
, COUNTY OF: LOS ANGELES UNLAWFUL DETAINER ASSISTANT (Check one box): An unlawful
detainer assistant did did not for compensation give advice or assistance with this
form.
(If one did, state the following): ASSISTANT'S NAME: ADDRESS: SHORT TITLE:
Martinez, et al vs.
Burbank, et al TEL.
NO.: COUNTY OF REGISTRATION: REGISTRATION NO.: EXPIRES (DATE): FORM INTERROGATORIES
— UNLAWFUL DETAINER Asking Party: Bradford M.
Martinez Answering Party: Jennifer Burbank Set No.: 1 Sec.
1.
Instructions to All Parties (a) These are general instructions.
For time limitations, requirements for service on other parties, and other details
, see Code of Civil Procedure sections 2030.010-2030.410 and the cases construing
those sections.
(b) These interrogatories do not change existing law relating to interrogatories
nor do they affect an answering party's right to assert any privilege or objection
.
Sec.
2.
Instructions to the Asking Party (a) These interrogatories are designed for optional
use in unlawful detainer proceedings.
(b) There are restrictions that generally limit the num- ber of interrogatories
that may be asked and the form and use of the interrogatories.
For details, read Code of Civil Procedure sections 2030.030-2030.070.
(c) In determining whether to use these or any interroga- tories, you should be
aware that abuse can be punished by sanctions, including fines and attorney fees
.
See Code of Civil Procedure section 128.7.
(d) Check the box next to each interrogatory that you want the answering party to
answer.
Use care in choosing those interrogatories that are applicable to the case.
(e) Additional interrogatories may be attached.
Sec.
3.
Instructions to the Answering Party (a) An answer or other appropriate response
must be given to each interrogatory checked by the asking party.
Failure to respond to these interrogatories properly can be punished by sanctions
, including contempt proceedings, fine, attorneys fees, and the loss of your case
.
See Code of Civil Procedure sections 128.7 and 2030.300.
(b) As a general rule, within five days after you are served with these interrogatories
, you must serve your responses on the asking party and serve copies of your responses
on all other parties to the action who have appeared.
See Code of Civil Procedure sections 2030.260-2030.270 for details.
Form Approved for Optional Use Judicial Council of California DISC - 003 / UD - 106
[ Rev.
January 1, 2014 ] CASE NUMBER: 25PDUD00999 (c) Each answer must be as complete
and straightfor- ward as the information reasonably available to you per- mits.
If an interrogatory cannot be answered completely, answer it to the extent possible
.
(d) If you do not have enough personal knowledge to fully answer an interrogatory
, say so, but make a reasona- ble and good faith effort to get the information by
asking other persons or organizations, unless the information is equally available
to the asking party.
(e) Whenever an interrogatory may be answered by refer- ring to a document, the
document may be attached as an exhibit to the response and referred to in the response
.
If the document has more than one page, refer to the page and section where the answer
to the interrogatory can be found.
(f) Whenever an address and telephone number for the same person are requested in
more than one interrogatory, you are required to furnish them in answering only the
first interrogatory asking for that information.
(g) Your answers to these interrogatories must be veri- fied, dated, and signed
.
You may wish to use the following form at the end of your answers: I declare under
penalty of perjury under the laws of the State of California that the foregoing answers
are true and correct.
(DATE) Sec.
4.
Definitions (SIGNATURE) Words in BOLDFACE CAPITALS in these interrogatories are
defined as follows: (a) PERSON includes a natural person, firm, association,
organization, partnership, business, trust, corporation, or public entity.
(b) PLAINTIFF includes any PERSON who seeks recov- ery of the RENTAL UNIT whether
acting as an individual or on someone else's behalf and includes all such PERSONS
if more than one.
FORM INTERROGATORIES - UNLAWFUL DETAINER Page 1 of 7 Code of Civil Procedure, §§
2030.010-2030.410, 2033.710 www.courts.ca.gov

--- Page 2 ---
(c) LANDLORD includes any PERSON who offered the RENTAL UNIT for rent and any PERSON
on whose behalf the RENTAL UNIT was offered for rent and their successors in interest
.
LANDLORD includes all PERSONS who managed the PROPERTY while defendant was in possession
.
(d) RENTAL UNIT is the premises PLAINTIFF seeks to recover.
(e) PROPERTY is the building or parcel (including com- mon areas) of which the
RENTAL UNIT is a part.
(For example, if PLAINTIFF is seeking to recover possession of apartment number
12 of a 20 - unit building, the building is the PROPERTY and apartment 12 is the
RENTAL UNIT.
If PLAINTIFF seeks possession of cottage number 3 in a five- cottage court or complex
, the court or complex is the PROPERTY and cottage 3 is the RENTAL UNIT.
) (f) DOCUMENT means a writing, as defined in Evidence Code section 250, and includes
the original or a copy of handwriting, typewriting, printing, photostating, photo-
graphing, electronically stored information, and every other means of recording
upon any tangible thing and form of communicating or representation, including letters
, words, pictures, sounds, or symbols, or combinations of them.
(g) NOTICE TO QUIT includes the original or copy of any notice mentioned in Code
of Civil Procedure section 1161 or Civil Code section 1946, including a 3 - day notice
to pay rent and quit the RENTAL UNIT, a 3 - day notice to perform conditions or covenants
or quit, a 3 - day notice to quit, and a 30 - day notice of termination.
(h) ADDRESS means the street address, including the city, state, and zip code
.
Sec.
5.
Interrogatories The following interrogatories have been approved by the Judicial Council
under section 2033.710 of the Code of Civil Procedure for use in unlawful detainer
proceedings: 70.0 General 71.0 Notice 72.0 Service CONTENTS 73.0 Malicious Holding
Over 74.0 Rent Control and Eviction Control 75.0 Breach of Warranty to Provide Habitable
Premises 76.0 Waiver, Change, Withdrawal, or Cancellation of Notice to Quit 77.0
Retaliation and Arbitrary Discrimination 78.0 Nonperformance of the Rental Agreement
by Landlord 79.0 Offer of Rent by Defendant 80.0 Deduction from Rent for Necessary
Repairs 81.0 Fair Market Rental Value 70.0 General [ Either party may ask any applicable
question in this section.
] ✓ 70.1 State the name, ADDRESS, telephone number, and relationship to you of
each PERSON who prepared or assisted in the preparation of the responses to these
interrogatories.
(Do not identify anyone who simply typed or reproduced the responses.
) DISC - 003 / UD - 106 [ Rev.
January 1, 2014 ] DISC - 003 / UD - 106 70.2 Is PLAINTIFF an owner of the RENTAL
UNIT?
If so, state: (a) the nature and percentage of ownership interest;
(b) the date PLAINTIFF first acquired this ownership interest.
70.3 Does PLAINTIFF share ownership or lack owner- ship?
If so, state the name, the ADDRESS, and the nature and percentage of ownership
interest of each owner.
70.4 Does PLAINTIFF claim the right to possession other than as an owner of the RENTAL
UNIT?
If so, state the basis of the claim.
70.5 Has PLAINTIFF'S interest in the RENTAL UNIT changed since acquisition?
If so, state the nature and dates of each change.
70.6 Are there other rental units on the PROPERTY?
If so, state how many.
70.7 During the 12 months before this proceeding was filed, did PLAINTIFF possess
a permit or certificate of occupancy for the RENTAL UNIT?
If so, for each state: (a) the name and ADDRESS of each PERSON named on the permit
or certificate;
(b) the dates of issuance and expiration;
(c) the permit or certificate number 70.8 Has a last month's rent, security deposit
, clean- ing fee, rental agency fee, credit check fee, key deposit, or any other
deposit been paid on the RENTAL UNIT?
If so, for each item state: (a) the purpose of the payment;
(b) the date paid;
(c) the amount;
(d) the form of payment;
(e) the name of the PERSON paying;
(f) the name of the PERSON to whom it was paid;
(g) any DOCUMENT which evidences payment and the name, ADDRESS, and telephone
number of each PERSON who has the DOCUMENT;
(h) any adjustments or deductions including facts.
70.9 State the date defendant first took possession of the RENTAL UNIT.
70.10 State the date and all the terms of any rental agreement between defendant and
the PERSON who rented to defendant.
70.11 For each agreement alleged in the pleadings: (a) identify all DOCUMENTS that
are part of the agree- ment and for each state the name, ADDRESS, and telephone
number of each PERSON who has the DOCUMENT;
(b) state each part of the agreement not in writing, the name, ADDRESS, and telephone
number of each PERSON agreeing to that provision, and the date that part of the agreement
was made;
(c) identify all DOCUMENTS that evidence each part of the agreement not in writing
and for each state the name, ADDRESS, and telephone number of each PERSON who has
the DOCUMENT;
(d) identify all DOCUMENTS that are part of each modification to the agreement,
and for each state FORM INTERROGATORIES - UNLAWFUL DETAINER Page 2 of 7

--- Page 3 ---
the name, ADDRESS, and telephone number of each PERSON who has the DOCUMENT (see
also §71.5);
(e) state each modification not in writing, the date, and the name, ADDRESS,
and telephone number of the PERSON agreeing to the modification, and the date the
modification was made (see also §71.5).
(f) identify all DOCUMENTS that evidence each modification of the agreement not
in writing and for each state the name, ADDRESS, and telephone number of each PERSON
who has the DOCUMENT (see also §71.5).
70.12 Has any PERSON acting on the PLAINTIFF'S behalf been responsible for any aspect
of managing or maintaining the RENTAL UNIT or PROPERTY?
If so, for each PERSON state: (a) the name, ADDRESS, and telephone number;
(b) the dates the PERSON managed or maintained the RENTAL UNIT or PROPERTY;
(c) the PERSON'S responsibilities.
70.13 For each PERSON who occupies any part of the RENTAL UNIT (except occupants
named in the com- plaint and occupants ' children under 17) state: (a) the name
, ADDRESS, telephone number, and birthdate;
(b) the inclusive dates of occupancy;
(c) a description of the portion of the RENTAL UNIT occupied;
(d) the amount paid, the term for which it was paid, and the person to whom it
was paid;
(e) the nature of the use of the RENTAL UNIT;
(f) the name, ADDRESS, and telephone number of the person who authorized occupancy
;
(g) how occupancy was authorized, including failure of the LANDLORD or PLAINTIFF
to protest after discovering the occupancy.
70.14 Have you or anyone acting on your behalf ob- tained any DOCUMENT concerning
the tenancy bet- ween any occupant of the RENTAL UNIT and any PER- SON with an ownership
interest or managerial respon- sibility for the RENTAL UNIT?
If so, for each DOCU- MENT state: (a) the name, ADDRESS, and telephone number
of each individual from whom the DOCUMENT was obtained;
(b) the name, ADDRESS, and telephone number of each individual who obtained the
DOCUMENT;
(c) the date the DOCUMENT was obtained;
(d) the name, ADDRESS, and telephone number of each PERSON who has the DOCUMENT
(original or copy).
71.0 Notice [ If a defense is based on allegations that the 3 - day notice or 30 -
day NOTICE TO QUIT is defective in form or con- tent, then either party may ask any
applicable question in this section.
] ✓ 71.1 Was the NOTICE TO QUIT on which PLAINTIFF bases this proceeding attached
to the complaint?
If not, state the contents of this notice.
71.2 State all reasons that the NOTICE TO QUIT was served and for each reason: (
a) state all facts supporting PLAINTIFF'S decision to terminate defendant's tenancy
;
DISC - 003 / UD - 106 [ Rev.
January 1, 2014 ] DISC - 003 / UD - 106 (b) state the names, ADDRESSES, and telephone
numbers of all PERSONS who have knowledge of the facts;
(c) identify all DOCUMENTS that support the facts and state the name, ADDRESS,
and telephone number of each PERSON who has each DOCUMENT.
71.3 List all rent payments and rent credits made or claimed by or on behalf of defendant
beginning 12 months before the NOTICE TO QUIT was served.
For each payment or credit state: (a) the amount;
(b) the date received;
(c) the form in which any payment was made;
(d) the services performed or other basis for which a credit is claimed;
(e) the period covered;
(f) the name of each PERSON making the payment or earning the credit;
(g) the identity of all DOCUMENTS evidencing the pay- ment or credit and for each
state the name, ADDRESS, and telephone number of each PERSON who has the DOCUMENT
.
71.4 Did defendant ever fail to pay the rent on time?
If so, for each late payment state: (a) the date;
(b) the amount of any late charge;
(c) the identity of all DOCUMENTS recording the pay- ment and for each state the
name, ADDRESS, and telephone number of each PERSON who has the DOCUMENT.
71.5 Since the beginning of defendant's tenancy, has PLAINTIFF ever raised the rent
?
If so, for each rent increase state: (a) the date the increase became effective
;
(b) the amount;
(c) the reasons for the rent increase;
(d) how and when defendant was notified of the increase;
(e) the identity of all DOCUMENTS evidencing the in- crease and for each state the
name, ADDRESS, and telephone number of each PERSON who has the DOCUMENT.
[ See also section 70.11 (d) - (f).
] 71.6 During the 12 months before the NOTICE TO QUIT was served was there a period
during which there was no permit or certificate of occupancy for the RENTAL UNIT?
If so, for each period state: (a) the inclusive dates;
(b) the reasons.
71.7 Has any PERSON ever reported any nuisance or disturbance at or destruction of
the RENTAL UNIT or PROPERTY caused by defendant or other occupant of the RENTAL UNIT
or their guests?
If so, for each report state;
(a) a description of the disturbance or destruction;
(b) the date of the report;
(c) the name of the PERSON who reported;
(d) the name of the PERSON to whom the report was made;
(e) what action was taken as a result of the report;
(f) the identity of all DOCUMENTS evidencing the report and for each state the name
, ADDRESS, and telephone number of each PERSON who has each DOCUMENT.
FORM INTERROGATORIES - UNLAWFUL DETAINER Page 3 of 7

--- Page 4 ---
DISC - 003 / UD - 106 71.8 Does the complaint allege violation of a term of a rental
agreement or lease (other than nonpayment of rent)?
If so, for each covenant: (a) identify the covenant breached;
(b) state the facts supporting the allegation of a breach;
(c) state the names, ADDRESSES, and telephone numbers of all PERSONS who have
knowledge of the facts;
(d) identify all DOCUMENTS that support the facts and state the name, ADDRESS,
and telephone number of each PERSON who has each DOCUMENT.
71.9 Does the complaint allege that the defendant has been using the RENTAL UNIT for
an illegal purpose?
If so, for each purpose: (a) identify the illegal purpose;
(b) state the facts supporting the allegations of illegal use;
(c) state the names, ADDRESSES, and telephone numbers of all PERSONS who have
knowledge of the facts;
(d) identify all DOCUMENTS that support the facts and state the name, ADDRESS,
and telephone number of each PERSON who has each DOCUMENT.
[ Additional interrogatories on this subject may be found in sections 75.0, 78.0
, 79.0, and 80.0.
] 72.0 Service [ If a defense is based on allegations that the NOTICE TO QUIT was
defectively served, then either party may ask any applicable question in this section
.
] 72.1 Does defendant contend (or base a defense or make any allegations) that the
NOTICE TO QUIT was defectively served?
If the answer is " no ", do not answer interrogatories 72.2 through 72.3.
72.2 Does PLAINTIFF contend that the NOTICE TO QUIT referred to in the complaint was
served?
If so, state: (a) the kind of notice;
(b) the date and time of service;
(c) the manner of service;
(d) the name and ADDRESS of the person who served it: (e) a description of any
DOCUMENT or conversation between defendant and the person who served the notice.
72.3 Did any person receive the NOTICE TO QUIT referred to in the complaint?
If so, for each copy of each notice state: (a) the name of the person who received
it;
(b) the kind of notice;
(c) how it was delivered;
(d) the date received;
(e) where it was delivered;
(f) the identity of all DOCUMENTS evidencing the notice and for each state the name
, ADDRESS, and telephone number of each PERSON who has the DOCUMENT.
DISC - 003 / UD - 106 [ Rev.
January 1, 2014 ] 73.0 Malicious Holding Over [ If a defendant denies allegations
that defendant's con- tinued possession is malicious, then either party may ask any
applicable question in this section.
Additional questions in section 75.0 may also be applicable.
] 73.1 If any rent called for by the rental agreement is unpaid, state the reasons
and the facts upon which the reasons are based.
73.2 Has defendant made attempts to secure other premises since the service of the
NOTICE TO QUIT or since the service of the summons and complaint?
If so, for each attempt: (a) state all facts indicating the attempt to secure
other premises;
(b) state the names, ADDRESSES, and telephone numbers of all PERSONS who have
knowledge of the facts;
(c) identify all DOCUMENTS that support the facts and state the name, ADDRESS,
and telephone number of each PERSON who has each DOCUMENT.
73.3 State the facts upon which PLAINTIFF bases the allegation of malice.
74.0 Rent Control and Eviction Control ✓ 74.1 Is there an ordinance or other local
law in this jurisdiction which limits the right to evict tenants?
If your answer is no, you need not answer sections 74.2 through 74.6.
74.2 For the ordinance or other local law limiting the right to evict tenants, state
: (a) the title or number of the law;
(b) the locality.
74.3 Do you contend that the RENTAL UNIT is exempt from the eviction provisions of
the ordinance or other local law identified in section 74.2?
If so, state the facts upon which you base your contention.
✓ 74.4 Is this proceeding based on allegations of a need to recover the RENTAL UNIT
for use of the LANDLORD or the landlord's relative?
If so, for each intended occu- pant state: (a) the name;
(b) the residence ADDRESSES from three years ago to the present;
(c) the relationship to the LANDLORD;
(d) all the intended occupant's reasons for occupancy;
(e) all rental units on the PROPERTY that were vacated within 60 days before and
after the date the NOTICE TO QUIT was served.
74.5 Is the proceeding based on an allegation that the LANDLORD wishes to remove the
RENTAL UNIT from residential use temporarily or permanently (for exam- ple, to rehabilitate
, demolish, renovate, or convert)?
If so, state: (a) each reason for removing the RENTAL UNIT from residential use
;
(b) what physical changes and renovation will be made to the RENTAL UNIT;
(c) the date the work is to begin and end;
(d) the number, date, and type of each permit for the change or work;
FORM INTERROGATORIES - UNLAWFUL DETAINER Page 4 of 7

--- Page 5 ---
the identity of each DOCUMENT evidencing the in- tended activity (for example, blueprints
, plans, ap- plications for financing, construction contracts) and the name, ADDRESS
, and telephone number of each PERSON who has each DOCUMENT.
74.6 Is the proceeding based on any ground other than those stated in sections 74.4
and 74.5?
If so, for each: (a) state each fact supporting or opposing the ground;
(b) state the names, ADDRESSES, and telephone numbers of all PERSONS who have
knowledge of the facts;
(c) identify all DOCUMENTS evidencing the facts and state the name, ADDRESS, and
telephone number of each PERSON who has each DOCUMENT.
75.0 Breach of Warranty to Provide Habitable Premises [ If plaintiff alleges nonpayment
of rent and defendant bases his defense on allegations of implied or express breach
of warranty to provide habitable residential premises, then either party may ask
any applicable question in this section.
] 75.1 Do you know of any conditions in violation of state or local building codes
, housing codes, or health codes, conditions of dilapidation, or other conditions
in need of repair in the RENTAL UNIT or on the PROPERTY that affected the RENTAL UNIT
at any time defendant has been in possession?
If so, state: (a) the type of condition;
(b) the kind of corrections or repairs needed;
(c) how and when you learned of these conditions;
(d) how these conditions were caused;
(e) the name, ADDRESS, and telephone number of each PERSON who has caused these
conditions.
75.2 Have any corrections, repairs, or improvements been made to the RENTAL UNIT
since the RENTAL UNIT was rented to defendant?
If so, for each correc- tion, repair, or improvement state: (a) a description
giving the nature and location;
(b) the date;
(c) the name, ADDRESS, and telephone number of each PERSON who made the repairs
or improvements;
(d) the cost;
(e) the identity of any DOCUMENT evidencing the repairs or improvements;
(f) if a building permit was issued, state the issuing agencies and the permit
number of your copy.
75.3 Did defendant or any other PERSON during 36 months before the NOTICE TO QUIT
was served or dur- ing defendant's possession of the RENTAL UNIT notify the LANDLORD
or his agent or employee about the con- dition of the RENTAL UNIT or PROPERTY?
If so, for each written or oral notice state: (a) the substance;
(b) who made it;
(c) when and how it was made;
(d) the name and ADDRESS of each PERSON to whom it was made;
(e) the name and ADDRESS of each person who knows about it;
(f) the identity of each DOCUMENT evidencing the notice and the name, ADDRESS,
and telephone number of each PERSON who has it;
DISC - 003 / UD - 106 [ Rev.
January 1, 2014 ] (g) the response made to the notice;
DISC - 003 / UD - 106 (h) the efforts made to correct the conditions;
(i) whether the PERSON who gave notice was an oc- cupant of the PROPERTY at the
time of the complaint.
75.4 During the period beginning 36 months before the NOTICE TO QUIT was served to
the present, was the RENTAL UNIT or PROPERTY (including other rental units) inspected
for dilapidations or defective conditions by a representative of any governmental
agency?
If so, for each inspection state: (a) the date;
(b) the reason;
(c) the name of the governmental agency;
(d) the name, ADDRESS, and telephone number of each inspector;
(e) the identity of each DOCUMENT evidencing each inspection and the name, ADDRESS
, and telephone number of each PERSON who has it.
75.5 During the period beginning 36 months before the NOTICE TO QUIT was served to
the present, did PLAINTIFF or LANDLORD receive a notice or other com- munication
regarding the condition of the RENTAL UNIT or PROPERTY (including other rental units
) from a governmental agency?
If so, for each notice or com- munication state: (a) the date received;
(b) the identity of all parties;
(c) the substance of the notice or communication;
(d) the identity of each DOCUMENT evidencing the notice or communication and the
name, ADDRESS, and telephone number of each PERSON who has it.
75.6 Was there any corrective action taken in response to the inspection or notice
or communication identified in sections 75.4 and 75.5?
If so, for each: (a) identify the notice or communication;
(b) identify the condition;
(c) describe the corrective action;
(d) identify each DOCUMENT evidencing the correc- tive action and the name, ADDRESS
, and telephone number of each PERSON who has it.
75.7 Has the PROPERTY been appraised for sale or loan during the period beginning
36 months before the NOTICE TO QUIT was served to the present?
If so, for each appraisal state: (a) the date;
(b) the name, ADDRESS, and telephone number of the appraiser;
(c) the purpose of the appraisal;
(d) the identity of each DOCUMENT evidencing the ap- praisal and the name, ADDRESS
, and telephone number of each PERSON who has it.
75.8 Was any condition requiring repair or correction at the PROPERTY or RENTAL UNIT
caused by defen- dent or other occupant of the RENTAL UNIT or their guests?
If so, state: (a) the type and location of condition;
(b) the kind of corrections or repairs needed;
(c) how and when you learned of these conditions;
(d) how and when these conditions were caused;
(e) the name, ADDRESS, and telephone number of each PERSON who caused these conditions
;
FORM INTERROGATORIES - UNLAWFUL DETAINER Page 5 of 7

--- Page 6 ---
(f) the identity of each DOCUMENT evidencing the repair (or correction) and the
name, ADDRESS, and telephone number of each PERSON who has it.
[ See also section 71.0 for additional questions.
] 76.0 Waiver, Change, Withdrawal, or Cancellation of Notice to Quit [ If a defense
is based on waiver, change, withdrawal, or cancellation of the NOTICE TO QUIT,
then either party may ask any applicable question in this section.
] 76.1 Did the PLAINTIFF or LANDLORD or anyone act- ing on his or her behalf do anything
which is alleged to have been a waiver, change, withdrawal, or cancellation of
the NOTICE TO QUIT?
If so: (a) state the facts supporting this allegation;
(b) state the names, ADDRESSES, and telephone numbers of all PERSONS who have
knowledge of these facts;
(c) identify each DOCUMENT that supports the facts and state the name, ADDRESS
, and telephone number of each PERSON who has it.
76.2 Did the PLAINTIFF or LANDLORD accept rent which covered a period after the date
for vacating the RENTAL UNIT as specified in the NOTICE TO QUIT?
If So: (a) state the facts;
(b) state the names, ADDRESSES, and telephone numbers of all PERSONS who have
knowledge of the facts;
(c) identify each DOCUMENT that supports the facts and state the name, ADDRESS
, and telephone number of each PERSON who has it.
77.0 Retaliation and Arbitrary Discrimination [ If a defense is based on retaliation
or arbitrary discrimina- tion, then either party may ask any applicable question
in this section.
] 77.1 State all reasons that the NOTICE TO QUIT was served or that defendant's tenancy
was not renewed and for each reason: (a) state all facts supporting PLAINTIFF'S
decision to terminate or not renew defendant's tenancy;
(b) state the names, ADDRESSES, and telephone numbers of all PERSONS who have
knowledge of the facts;
(c) identify all DOCUMENTS that support the facts and state the name, ADDRESS,
and telephone number of each PERSON who has it.
78.0 Nonperformance of the Rental Agreement by Landlord [ If a defense is based on
nonperformance of the rental agreement by the LANDLORD or someone acting on the LANDLORD'S
behalf, then either party may ask any ap - plicable question in this section.
] 78.1 Did the LANDLORD or anyone acting on the LANDLORD'S behalf agree to make repairs
, alterations, or improvements at any time or provide services to the PROPERTY or
RENTAL UNIT?
If so, for each agreement state: (a) the substance of the agreement;
DISC - 003 / UD - 106 [ Rev.
January 1, 2014 ] (b) when it was made;
(c) whether it was written or oral;
(d) by whom and to whom;
DISC - 003 / UD - 106 (e) the name and ADDRESS of each person who knows about it
;
(f) whether all promised repairs, alterations, or im- provements were completed
or services provided;
(g) the reasons for any failure to perform;
(h) the identity of each DOCUMENT evidencing the agreement or promise and the name
, ADDRESS, and telephone number of each PERSON who has it.
78.2 Has PLAINTIFF or LANDLORD or any resident of the PROPERTY ever committed disturbances
or in- terfered with the quiet enjoyment of the RENTAL UNIT (including, for example
, noise, acts which threaten the loss of title to the property or loss of financing
, etc.
)?
If so, for each disturbance or interference, state: (a) a description of each
act;
(b) the date of each act;
(c) the name, ADDRESS, and telephone number of each PERSON who acted;
(d) the name, ADDRESS, and telephone number of each PERSON who witnessed each
act and any DOCUMENTS evidencing the person's knowledge;
(e) what action was taken by the PLAINTIFF or LANDLORD to end or lessen the disturbance
or interference.
79.0 Offer of Rent by Defendant [ If a defense is based on an offer of rent by a defendant
which was refused, then either party may ask any ap- plicable question in this section
.
] 79.1 Has defendant or anyone acting on the defen- dant's behalf offered any payments
to PLAINTIFF which PLAINTIFF refused to accept?
If so, for each offer state: (a) the amount;
(b) the date;
(c) purpose of offer;
(d) the manner of the offer;
(e) the identity of the person making the offer;
(f) the identity of the person refusing the offer;
(g) the date of the refusal;
(h) the reasons for the refusal.
80.0 Deduction from Rent for Necessary Repairs [ If a defense to payment of rent or
damages is based on claim of retaliatory eviction, then either party may ask any
applicable question in this section.
Additional questions in section 75.0 may also be applicable.
] ✓ 80.1 Does defendant claim to have deducted from rent any amount which was withheld
to make repairs after communication to the LANDLORD of the need for the repairs?
If the answer is " no ", do not answer inter- rogatories 80.2 through 80.6.
80.2 For each condition in need of repair for which a deduction was made, state:
(a) the nature of the condition;
(b) the location;
(c) the date the condition was discovered by defendant;
(d) the date the condition was first known by LANDLORD or PLAINTIFF;
FORM INTERROGATORIES - UNLAWFUL DETAINER Page 6 of 7

--- Page 7 ---
DISC - 003 / UD - 106 ✓ (e) the dates and methods of each notice to the LANDLORD
or PLAINTIFF of the condition;
(f) the response or action taken by the LANDLORD or PLAINTIFF to each notification
;
(g) the cost to remedy the condition and how the cost was determined;
(h) the identity of any bids obtained for the repairs and any DOCUMENTS evidencing
the bids.
80.3 Did LANDLORD or PLAINTIFF fail to respond within a reasonable time after receiving
a communica- tion of a need for repair?
If so, for each communication state: (a) the date it was made;
(b) how it was made;
(c) the response and date;
(d) why the delay was unreasonable.
80.4 Was there an insufficient period specified or ac- tually allowed between the
time of notification and the time repairs were begun by defendant to allow LANDLORD
or PLAINTIFF to make the repairs?
If so, state all facts on which the claim of insufficiency is based.
81.0 Fair Market Rental Value [ If defendant denies PLAINTIFF allegation on the fair
market rental value of the RENTAL UNIT, then either party may ask any applicable
question in this section.
If defendant claims that the fair market rental value is less because of a breach
of warranty to provide habitable premises, then either party may also ask any applicable
question in section 75.0.
] ✓ 80.5 Does PLAINTIFF contend that any of the items for which rent deductions were
taken were not allowable under law?
If so, for each item state all reasons and facts on which you base your contention
.
✓ 80.6 Has defendant vacated or does defendant an- ticipate vacating the RENTAL UNIT
because repairs were requested and not made within a reasonable time?
If so, state all facts on which defendant justifies hav- ing vacated the RENTAL UNIT
or anticipates vacating the rental unit.
81.1 Do you have an opinion on the fair market rental value of the RENTAL UNIT?
If so, state: (a) the substance of your opinion;
(b) the factors upon which the fair market rental value is based;
(c) the method used to calculate the fair market rental value.
81.2 Has any other PERSON ever expressed to you an opinion on the fair market rental
value of the RENTAL UNIT?
If so, for each PERSON: (a) state the name, ADDRESS, and telephone number;
(b) state the substance of the PERSON'S opinion;
(c) describe the conversation or identify all DOCUMENTS in which the PERSON expressed
an opinion and state the name, ADDRESS, and telephone number of each PERSON who
has each DOCUMENT.
81.3 Do you know of any current violations of state or local building codes, housing
codes, or health codes, conditions of delapidation or other conditions in need of
repair in the RENTAL UNIT or common areas that have affected the RENTAL UNIT at any
time defendant has been in possession?
If so, state: (a) the conditions in need of repair;
(b) the kind of repairs needed;
(c) the name, ADDRESS, and telephone number of each PERSON who caused these conditions
.
DISC - 003 / UD - 106 [ Rev.
January 1, 2014 ] FORM INTERROGATORIES - UNLAWFUL DETAINER Page 7 of 7

