DISC - 001 ATTORNEY OR PARTY WITHOUT ATTORNEY NAME: Lane E.
Webb (SBN 144671);
Shanna M.
Van Wagner (SBN 317675) FIRM NAME: LYNBERG & WATKINS, APC STREET ADDRESS: 185
WEST F STREET, 4TH FLOOR CITY: SAN DIEGO TELEPHONE NO.: (619) 814-2169 EMAIL
ADDRESS: webb@lynberg.com;
svanwagner@lynberg.com STATE BAR NUMBER: STATE: CA ZIP CODE: 92101 FAX NO.: (
619) 356-4968 ATTORNEY FOR (name): Defendants Brad Martinez, Vicki Martinez and
Gail D.
Calhoun, as Trustee of the Gail D.
Calhoun Family Trust SUPERIOR COURT OF CALIFORNIA, COUNTY OF LOS ANGELES SHORT TITLE
OF CASE: James Burbank, et al.
v.
Brad Martinez, Vicki Martinez, Gail D.
Calhoun, et al.
FORM INTERROGATORIES - GENERAL Asking Party: Defendant BRAD MARTINEZ Answering Party
: Plaintiff JAMES BURBANK Set No.: ONE Sec.
1.
Instructions to All Parties (a) Interrogatories are written questions prepared by
a party to an action that are sent to any other party in the action to be answered
under oath.
The interrogatories below are form interrogatories approved for use in civil cases
.
(b) For time limitations, requirements for service on other parties, and other
details, see Code of Civil Procedure sections 2030.010-2030.410 and the cases construing
those sections.
(c) These form interrogatories do not change existing law relating to interrogatories
nor do they affect an answering party's right to assert any privilege or make any
objection.
Sec.
2.
Instructions to the Asking Party (a) These interrogatories are designed for optional
use by parties in unlimited civil cases where the amount demanded exceeds $ 35,000
.
Separate interrogatories, Form Interrogatories Limited Civil Cases (Economic Litigation
) (form DISC - 004), which have no subparts, are designed for use in limited civil
cases where the amount demanded is $ 35,000 or less;
however, those interrogatories may also be used in unlimited civil cases.
(b) Check the box next to each interrogatory that you want the answering party to
answer.
Use care in choosing those interrogatories that are applicable to the case.
(c) You may insert your own definition of INCIDENT in Section 4, but only where
the action arises from a course of conduct or a series of events occurring over a
period of time.
(d) The interrogatories in section 16.0, Defendant's Contentions - Personal Injury
, should not be used until the defendant has had a reasonable opportunity to conduct
an investigation or discovery of plaintiff's injuries and damages.
(e) Additional interrogatories may be attached.
Sec.
3.
Instructions to the Answering Party (a) An answer or other appropriate response
must be given to each interrogatory checked by the asking party.
(b) As a general rule, within 30 days after you are served with these interrogatories
, you must serve your responses on the asking party and serve copies of your responses
on all other parties to the action who have appeared.
See Code of Civil Procedure sections 2030.260-2030.270 for details.
Form Approved for Optional Use Judicial Council of California DISC - 001 [ Rev.
January 1, 2024 ] CASE NUMBER: 24NNCV06082 (c) Each answer must be as complete
and straightforward as the information reasonably available to you, including the
information possessed by your attorneys or agents, permits.
If an interrogatory cannot be answered completely, answer it to the extent possible
.
(d) If you do not have enough personal knowledge to fully answer an interrogatory
, say so, but make a reasonable and good faith effort to get the information by asking
other persons or organizations, unless the information is equally available to the
asking party.
(e) Whenever an interrogatory may be answered by referring to a document, the document
may be attached as an exhibit to the response and referred to in the response.
If the document has more than one page, refer to the page and section where the answer
to the interrogatory can be found.
(f) Whenever an address and telephone number for the same person are requested in
more than one interrogatory, you are required to furnish them in answering only the
first interrogatory asking for that information.
(g) If you are asserting a privilege or making an objection to an interrogatory
, you must specifically assert the privilege or state the objection in your written
response.
(h) Your answers to these interrogatories must be verified, dated, and signed
.
You may wish to use the following form at the end of your answers: I declare under
penalty of perjury under the laws of the State of California that the foregoing answers
are true and correct.
(Date) Sec.
4.
Definitions (SIGNATURE) Words in BOLDFACE CAPITALS in these interrogatories are
defined as follows: (a) (Check one of the following): x (1) INCIDENT includes
the circumstances and events surrounding the alleged accident, injury, or other
occurrence or breach of contract giving rise to this action or proceeding.
FORM INTERROGATORIES - GENERAL Page 1 of 8 Code of Civil Procedure, §§ 2030.010-2030.410
, 2033.710 www.courts.ca.gov

DISC - 001 (2) INCIDENT means (insert your definition here or on a separate, attached
sheet labeled " Sec.
4 (a) (2) "): (b) YOU OR ANYONE ACTING ON YOUR BEHALF includes you, your
agents, your employees, your insurance companies, their agents, their employees
, your attorneys, your accountants, your investigators, and anyone else acting
on your behalf.
(c) PERSON includes a natural person, firm, association, organization, partnership
, business, trust, limited liability company, corporation, or public entity.
(d) DOCUMENT means a writing, as defined in Evidence Code section 250, and includes
the original or a copy of handwriting, typewriting, printing, photostats, photographs
, electronically stored information, and every other means of recording upon any
tangible thing and form of communicating or representation, including letters, words
, pictures, sounds, or symbols, or combinations of them.
(e) HEALTH CARE PROVIDER includes any PERSON referred to in Code of Civil Procedure
section 667.7 (e) (3).
(f) ADDRESS means the street address, including the city, state, and zip code
.
Sec.
5.
Interrogatories The following interrogatories have been approved by the Judicial Council
under Code of Civil Procedure section 2033.710: CONTENTS 1.0 Identity of Persons
Answering These Interrogatories 2.0 General Background Information - Individual 3.0
General Background Information - Business Entity 4.0 Insurance 5.0 [ Reserved ] 6.0
Physical, Mental, or Emotional Injuries 7.0 Property Damage 8.0 Loss of Income or
Earning Capacity 9.0 Other Damages 10.0 Medical History 11.0 Other Claims and Previous
Claims 12.0 Investigation - General 13.0 Investigation - Surveillance 14.0 Statutory
or Regulatory Violations 15.0 Denials and Special or Affirmative Defenses 16.0 Defendant's
Contentions Personal Injury 17.0 Responses to Request for Admissions 18.0 [ Reserved
] 1.0 Identity of Persons Answering These Interrogatories x 1.1 State the name, ADDRESS
, telephone number, and relationship to you of each PERSON who prepared or assisted
in the preparation of the responses to these interrogatories.
(Do not identify anyone who simply typed or reproduced the responses.
) 2.0 General Background Information individual— × x 2.1 State: (a) your name;
(b) every name you have used in the past;
and (c) the dates you used each name.
2.2 State the date and place of your birth.
2.3 At the time of the INCIDENT, did you have a driver's license?
If so, state: (a) the state or other issuing entity;
(b) the license number and type;
(c) the date of issuance;
and (d) all restrictions.
x 2.4 At the time of the INCIDENT, did x x you have any other permit or license for
the operation of a motor vehicle?
If so, state: (a) the state or other issuing entity;
(b) the license number and type;
(c) the date of issuance;
and (d) all restrictions.
2.5 State: (a) your present residence ADDRESS;
(b) your residence ADDRESSES for the past five years;
and (c) the dates you lived at each ADDRESS.
2.6 State: (a) the name, ADDRESS, and telephone number of your present employer
or place of self - employment;
and (b) the name, ADDRESS, dates of employment, job title, and nature of work
for each employer or self- employment you have had from five years before the INCIDENT
until today.
x 2.7 State: ✓ 19.0 [ Reserved ] 20.0 How the Incident Occurred - Motor Vehicle 25.0
[ Reserved ] 30.0 [ Reserved ] 40.0 [ Reserved ] 50.0 Contract 60.0 [ Reserved ] (
a) the name and ADDRESS of each school or other academic or vocational institution
you have attended, beginning with high school;
(b) the dates you attended;
(c) the highest grade level you have completed;
and (d) the degrees received.
2.8 Have you ever been convicted of a felony?
If so, for each conviction state: (a) the city and state where you were convicted
;
(b) the date of conviction;
(c) the offense;
and (d) the court and case number.
70.0 Unlawful Detainer [ See separate form DISC - 003 ] 101.0 Economic Litigation
[ See separate form DISC - 004 ] 200.0 Employment Law [ See separate form DISC - 002
] Family Law [ See separate form FL - 145 ] × ✓ DISC - 001 [ Rev.
January 1, 2024 ] 2.9 Can you speak English with ease?
If not, what language and dialect do you normally use?
2.10 Can you read and write English with ease?
If not, what language and dialect do you normally use?
FORM INTERROGATORIES - GENERAL Page 2 of 8

x 2.11 At the time of the INCIDENT were you acting as an agent or employee for any
PERSON?
If so, state: (a) the name, ADDRESS, and telephone number of that PERSON;
and (b) a description of your duties.
2.12 At the time of the INCIDENT did you or any other person have any physical, emotional
, or mental disability or condition that may have contributed to the occurrence of
the INCIDENT?
If so, for each person state: (a) the name, ADDRESS, and telephone number;
(b) the nature of the disability or condition;
and (c) the manner in which the disability or condition contributed to the occurrence
of the INCIDENT.
2.13 Within 24 hours before the INCIDENT did you or any person involved in the INCIDENT
use or take any of the following substances: alcoholic beverage, marijuana, or
other drug or medication of any kind (prescription or not)?
If so, for each person state: (a) the name, ADDRESS, and telephone number;
(b) the nature or description of each substance;
(c) the quantity of each substance used or taken;
(d) the date and time of day when each substance was used or taken;
(e) the ADDRESS where each substance was used or taken;
(f) the name, ADDRESS, and telephone number of each person who was present when
each substance was used or taken;
and (g) the name, ADDRESS, and telephone number of any HEALTH CARE PROVIDER who
prescribed or furnished the substance and the condition for which it was prescribed
or furnished.
3.0 General Background Information - Business Entity 3.1 Are you a corporation?
If so, state: (a) the name stated in the current articles of incorporation;
(b) all other names used by the corporation during the past 10 years and the dates
each was used;
(c) the date and place of incorporation;
(d) the ADDRESS of the principal place of business;
and (e) whether you are qualified to do business in California.
3.2 Are you a partnership?
If so, state: (a) the current partnership name;
(b) all other names used by the partnership during the past 10 years and the dates
each was used;
(c) whether you are a limited partnership and, if so, under the laws of what jurisdiction
;
(d) the name and ADDRESS of each general partner;
and (e) the ADDRESS of the principal place of business.
3.3 Are you a limited liability company?
If so, state: (a) the name stated in the current articles of organization;
(b) all other names used by the company during the past 10 years and the date each
was used;
(c) the date and place of filing of the articles of organization;
(d) the ADDRESS of the principal place of business;
and (e) whether you are qualified to do business in California.
DISC - 001 [ Rev.
January 1, 2024 ] 3.4 Are you a joint venture?
If so, state: (a) the current joint venture name;
DISC - 001 (b) all other names used by the joint venture during the past 10 years
and the dates each was used;
(c) the name and ADDRESS of each joint venturer;
and (d) the ADDRESS of the principal place of business.
3.5 Are you an unincorporated association?
If so, state: (a) the current unincorporated association name;
(b) all other names used by the unincorporated association during the past 10 years
and the dates each was used;
and (c) the ADDRESS of the principal place of business.
3.6 Have you done business under a fictitious name during the past 10 years?
If so, for each fictitious name state: (a) the name;
(b) the dates each was used;
(c) the state and county of each fictitious name filing;
and (d) the ADDRESS of the principal place of business.
3.7 Within the past five years has any public entity registered or licensed your business
?
If so, for each license or registration: (a) identify the license or registration
;
(b) state the name of the public entity;
and (c) state the dates of issuance and expiration.
4.0 Insurance x 4.1 At the time of the INCIDENT, was there in effect any policy of
insurance through which you were or might be insured in any manner (for example,
primary, pro - rata, or excess liability coverage or medical expense coverage)
for the damages, claims, or actions that have arisen out of the INCIDENT?
If so, for each policy state: (a) the kind of coverage;
(b) the name and ADDRESS of the insurance company;
(c) the name, ADDRESS, and telephone number of each named insured;
(d) the policy number;
(e) the limits of coverage for each type of coverage con- tained in the policy;
(f) whether any reservation of rights or controversy or coverage dispute exists
between you and the insurance company;
and (g) the name, ADDRESS, and telephone number of the custodian of the policy
.
4.2 Are you self - insured under any statute for the damages, claims, or actions
that have arisen out of the INCIDENT?
If so, specify the statute.
5.0 [ Reserved ] 6.0 Physical, Mental, or Emotional Injuries x 6.1 Do you attribute
any physical, mental, or emotional injuries to the INCIDENT?
(If your answer is " no, " do not answer interrogatories 6.2 through 6.7).
6.2 Identify each injury you attribute to the INCIDENT and the area of your body affected
.
FORM INTERROGATORIES - GENERAL Page 3 of 8

DISC - 001 x x 6.3 Do you still have any complaints that you attribute to the INCIDENT
?
If so, for each complaint state: (a) a description;
(b) whether the complaint is subsiding, remaining the same, or becoming worse
;
and (c) the frequency and duration.
6.4 Did you receive any consultation or examination (except from expert witnesses
covered by Code of Civil Procedure sections 2034.210-2034.310) or treatment from
a HEALTH CARE PROVIDER for any injury you attribute to the INCIDENT?
If so, for each HEALTH CARE PROVIDER state: (a) the name, ADDRESS, and telephone
number;
(b) the type of consultation, examination, or treatment provided;
(c) the dates you received consultation, examination, or treatment;
and (d) the charges to date.
6.5 Have you taken any medication, prescribed or not, as a result of injuries that
you attribute to the INCIDENT?
If so, for each medication state: (a) the name;
(b) the PERSON who prescribed or furnished it;
(c) the date it was prescribed or furnished;
(d) the dates you began and stopped taking it;
and (e) the cost to date.
x ✓ 6.6 Are there any other medical services necessitated by the injuries that you
attribute to the INCIDENT that were not previously listed (for example, ambulance
, nursing, prosthetics)?
If so, for each service state: (a) the nature;
(b) the date;
(c) the cost;
and (d) the name, ADDRESS, and telephone number of each provider.
6.7 Has any HEALTH CARE PROVIDER advised that you may require future or additional
treatment for any injuries that you attribute to the INCIDENT?
If so, for each injury state: (a) the name and ADDRESS of each HEALTH CARE PROVIDER
;
(b) the complaints for which the treatment was advised;
and (c) the nature, duration, and estimated cost of the treatment.
7.0 Property Damage 7.1 Do you attribute any loss of or damage to a vehicle or other
property to the INCIDENT?
If so, for each item of property: (a) describe the property;
(b) describe the nature and location of the damage to the property;
x (c) state the amount of damage you are claiming for each item of property and
how the amount was calculated;
and (d) if the property was sold, state the name, ADDRESS, and telephone number
of the seller, the date of sale, and the sale price.
7.2 Has a written estimate or evaluation been made for any item of property referred
to in your answer to the preceding interrogatory?
If so, for each estimate or evaluation state: (a) the name, ADDRESS, and telephone
number of the PERSON who prepared it and the date prepared;
(b) the name, ADDRESS, and telephone number of each PERSON who has a copy of it
;
and (c) the amount of damage stated.
7.3 Has any item of property referred to in your answer to interrogatory 7.1 been
repaired?
If so, for each item state: (a) the date repaired;
(b) a description of the repair;
(c) the repair cost;
(d) the name, ADDRESS, and telephone number of the PERSON who repaired it;
and (e) the name, ADDRESS, and telephone number of the PERSON who paid for the
repair.
8.0 Loss of Income or Earning Capacity x 8.1 Do you attribute any loss of income or
earning capacity to the INCIDENT?
(If your answer is " no, " do not answer interrogatories 8.2 through 8.8).
8.2 State: (a) the nature of your work;
(b) your job title at the time of the INCIDENT;
and (c) the date your employment began.
8.3 State the last date before the INCIDENT that you worked for compensation.
8.4 State your monthly income at the time of the INCIDENT and how the amount was calculated
.
8.5 State the date you returned to work at each place of employment following the
INCIDENT.
x 8.6 State the dates you did not work and for which you lost income as a result of
the INCIDENT.
x 8.7 State the total income you have lost to date as a result of the INCIDENT and
how the amount was calculated.
x 8.8 Will you lose income in the future as a result of the INCIDENT?
If so, state: (a) the facts on which you base this contention;
(b) an estimate of the amount;
(c) an estimate of how long you will be unable to work;
and (d) how the claim for future income is calculated.
DISC - 001 [ Rev.
January 1, 2024 ] FORM INTERROGATORIES - GENERAL Page 4 of 8

DISC - 001 9.0 Other Damages 9.1 Are there any other damages that you attribute to
the INCIDENT?
If so, for each item of damage state: (a) the nature;
(b) the date it occurred;
(c) the amount;
and (d) the name, ADDRESS, and telephone number of each PERSON to whom an obligation
was incurred.
9.2 Do any DOCUMENTS support the existence or amount of any item of damages claimed
in interrogatory 9.1?
If so, describe each document and state the name, ADDRESS, and telephone number
of the PERSON who has each DOCUMENT.
10.0 Medical History x ✓ 10.1 At any time before the INCIDENT did you have com- plaints
or injuries that involved the same part of your body claimed to have been injured
in the INCIDENT?
If so, for each state: (a) a description of the complaint or injury;
(b) the dates it began and ended;
and (c) the name, ADDRESS, and telephone number of each HEALTH CARE PROVIDER whom
you consulted or who examined or treated you.
10.2 List all physical, mental, and emotional disabilities you had immediately before
the INCIDENT.
(You may omit mental or emotional disabilities unless you attribute any mental or
emotional injury to the INCIDENT.
) 10.3 At any time after the INCIDENT, did you sustain injuries of the kind for which
you are now claiming damages?
If so, for each incident giving rise to an injury state: (a) the date and the
place it occurred;
(b) the name, ADDRESS, and telephone number of any other PERSON involved;
(c) the nature of any injuries you sustained;
(d) the name, ADDRESS, and telephone number of each HEALTH CARE PROVIDER who you
consulted or who examined or treated you;
and (e) the nature of the treatment and its duration.
11.0 Other Claims and Previous Claims ✓ 11.1 Except for this action, in the past
10 years have you filed an action or made a written claim or demand for compensation
for your personal injuries?
If so, for each action, claim, or demand state: (a) the date, time, and place
and location (closest street ADDRESS or intersection) of the INCIDENT giving rise
to the action, claim, or demand;
(b) the name, ADDRESS, and telephone number of each PERSON against whom the claim
or demand was made or the action filed;
DISC - 001 [ Rev.
January 1, 2024 ] x (c) the court, names of the parties, and case number of any
action filed;
(d) the name, ADDRESS, and telephone number of any attorney representing you;
(e) whether the claim or action has been resolved or is pending;
and (f) a description of the injury.
11.2 In the past 10 years have you made a written claim or demand for workers ' compensation
benefits?
If so, for each claim or demand state: (a) the date, time, and place of the
INCIDENT giving rise to the claim;
(b) the name, ADDRESS, and telephone number of your employer at the time of the
injury;
(c) the name, ADDRESS, and telephone number of the workers ' compensation insurer
and the claim number;
(d) the period of time during which you received workers ' compensation benefits
;
(e) a description of the injury;
(f) the name, ADDRESS, and telephone number of any HEALTH CARE PROVIDER who provided
services;
and (g) the case number at the Workers ' Compensation Appeals Board.
12.0 Investigation - General ✓ 12.1 State the name, ADDRESS, and telephone number
of each individual: (a) who witnessed the INCIDENT or the events occurring immediately
before or after the INCIDENT;
(b) who made any statement at the scene of the INCIDENT;
(c) who heard any statements made about the INCIDENT by any individual at the scene
;
and (d) who YOU OR ANYONE ACTING ON YOUR BEHALF claim has knowledge of the INCIDENT
(except for expert witnesses covered by Code of Civil Procedure section 2034).
12.2 Have YOU OR ANYONE ACTING ON YOUR BEHALF interviewed any individual concerning
the INCIDENT?
If so, for each individual state: (a) the name, ADDRESS, and telephone number
of the individual interviewed;
(b) the date of the interview;
and (c) the name, ADDRESS, and telephone number of the PERSON who conducted the
interview.
x 12.3 Have YOU OR ANYONE ACTING ON YOUR BEHALF obtained a written or recorded statement
from any individual concerning the INCIDENT?
If so, for each statement state: (a) the name, ADDRESS, and telephone number
of the individual from whom the statement was obtained;
(b) the name, ADDRESS, and telephone number of the individual who obtained the
statement;
(c) the date the statement was obtained;
and (d) the name, ADDRESS, and telephone number of each PERSON who has the original
statement or a copy.
FORM INTERROGATORIES - GENERAL Page 5 of 8

DISC - 001 × x 12.4 Do YOU OR ANYONE ACTING ON YOUR BEHALF know of any photographs
, films, or videotapes depicting any place, object, or individual concerning the
INCIDENT or plaintiff's injuries?
If so, state: (a) the number of photographs or feet of film or videotape;
(b) the places, objects, or persons photographed, filmed, or videotaped;
(c) the date the photographs, films, or videotapes were taken;
(d) the name, ADDRESS, and telephone number of the individual taking the photographs
, films, or videotapes;
and (e) the name, ADDRESS, and telephone number of each PERSON who has the original
or a copy of the photographs, films, or videotapes.
12.5 Do YOU OR ANYONE ACTING ON YOUR BEHALF know of any diagram, reproduction, or
model of any place or thing (except for items developed by expert witnesses covered
by Code of Civil Procedure sections 2034.210- 2034.310) concerning the INCIDENT?
If so, for each item state: (a) the type (i.e.
, diagram, reproduction, or model);
(b) the subject matter;
and (c) the name, ADDRESS, and telephone number of each PERSON who has it.
12.6 Was a report made by any PERSON concerning the INCIDENT?
If so, state: (a) the name, title, identification number, and employer of the
PERSON who made the report;
(b) the date and type of report made;
(c) the name, ADDRESS, and telephone number of the PERSON for whom the report
was made;
and (d) the name, ADDRESS, and telephone number of each PERSON who has the original
or a copy of the report.
12.7 Have YOU OR ANYONE ACTING ON YOUR BEHALF inspected the scene of the INCIDENT
?
If so, for each inspection state: (a) the name, ADDRESS, and telephone number
of the individual making the inspection (except for expert witnesses covered by Code
of Civil Procedure sections 2034.210-2034.310);
and (b) the date of the inspection.
13.0 Investigation - Surveillance 13.1 Have YOU OR ANYONE ACTING ON YOUR BEHALF conducted
surveillance of any individual involved in the INCIDENT or any party to this action
?
If so, for each sur- veillance state: (a) the name, ADDRESS, and telephone number
of the individual or party;
(b) the time, date, and place of the surveillance;
(c) the name, ADDRESS, and telephone number of the individual who conducted the
surveillance;
and (d) the name, ADDRESS, and telephone number of each PERSON who has the original
or a copy of any surveillance photograph, film, or videotape.
DISC - 001 [ Rev.
January 1, 2024 ] ✓ 13.2 Has a written report been prepared on the surveillance?
If so, for each written report state: (a) the title;
(b) the date;
(c) the name, ADDRESS, and telephone number of the individual who prepared the
report;
and (d) the name, ADDRESS, and telephone number of each PERSON who has the original
or a copy.
14.0 Statutory or Regulatory Violations x × 14.1 Do YOU OR ANYONE ACTING ON YOUR BEHALF
contend that any PERSON involved in the INCIDENT violated any statute, ordinance
, or regulation and that the violation was a legal (proximate) cause of the INCIDENT
?
If so, identify the name, ADDRESS, and telephone number of each PERSON and the
statute, ordinance, or regulation that was violated.
14.2 Was any PERSON cited or charged with a violation of any statute, ordinance,
or regulation as a result of this INCIDENT?
If so, for each PERSON state: (a) the name, ADDRESS, and telephone number of
the PERSON;
(c) (b) the statute, ordinance, or regulation allegedly violated;
whether the PERSON entered a plea in response to the citation or charge and, if so
, the plea entered;
and (d) the name and ADDRESS of the court or administrative agency, names of the
parties, and case number.
15.0 Denials and Special or Affirmative Defenses 15.1 Identify each denial of a material
allegation and each special or affirmative defense in your pleadings, and for each
: (a) state all facts on which you base the denial or special or affirmative defense
;
(b) state the names, ADDRESSES, and telephone numbers of all PERSONS who have
knowledge of those facts;
and (c) identify all DOCUMENTS and other tangible things that support your denial
or special or affirmative defense, and state the name, ADDRESS, and telephone number
of the PERSON who has each DOCUMENT.
16.0 Defendant's Contentions - Personal Injury 16.1 Do you contend that any PERSON
, other than you or plaintiff, contributed to the occurrence of the INCIDENT or the
injuries or damages claimed by plaintiff?
If so, for each PERSON: (a) state the name, ADDRESS, and telephone number of
the PERSON;
(b) state all facts on which you base your contention;
(c) state the names, ADDRESSES, and telephone numbers of all PERSONS who have
knowledge of the facts;
and (d) identify all DOCUMENTS and other tangible things that support your contention
and state the name, ADDRESS, and telephone number of the PERSON who has each DOCUMENT
or thing.
16.2 Do you contend that plaintiff was not injured in the INCIDENT?
If so: (a) state all facts on which you base your contention;
(b) state the names, ADDRESSES, and telephone numbers of all PERSONS who have
knowledge of the facts;
and (c) identify all DOCUMENTS and other tangible things that support your contention
and state the name, ADDRESS, and telephone number of the PERSON who has each DOCUMENT
or thing.
FORM INTERROGATORIES - GENERAL Page 6 of 8

16.3 Do you contend that the injuries or the extent of the injuries claimed by plaintiff
as disclosed in discovery proceedings thus far in this case were not caused by the
INCIDENT?
If so, for each injury: (a) identify it;
(b) state all facts on which you base your contention;
(c) state the names, ADDRESSES, and telephone numbers of all PERSONS who have
knowledge of the facts;
and (d) identify all DOCUMENTS and other tangible things that support your contention
and state the name, ADDRESS, and telephone number of the PERSON who has each DOCUMENT
or thing.
16.4 Do you contend that any of the services furnished by any HEALTH CARE PROVIDER
claimed by plaintiff in discovery proceedings thus far in this case were not due to
the INCIDENT?
If so: (a) identify each service;
(b) state all facts on which you base your contention;
(c) state the names, ADDRESSES, and telephone numbers of all PERSONS who have
knowledge of the facts;
and (d) identify all DOCUMENTS and other tangible things that support your contention
and state the name, ADDRESS, and telephone number of the PERSON who has each DOCUMENT
or thing.
16.5 Do you contend that any of the costs of services furnished by any HEALTH CARE
PROVIDER claimed as damages by plaintiff in discovery proceedings thus far in this
case were not necessary or unreasonable?
If so: (a) identify each cost;
(b) state all facts on which you base your contention;
(c) state the names, ADDRESSES, and telephone numbers of all PERSONS who have
knowledge of the facts;
and (d) identify all DOCUMENTS and other tangible things that support your contention
and state the name, ADDRESS, and telephone number of the PERSON who has each DOCUMENT
or thing.
16.6 Do you contend that any part of the loss of earnings or income claimed by plaintiff
in discovery proceedings thus far in this case was unreasonable or was not caused
by the INCIDENT?
If so: (a) identify each part of the loss;
(b) state all facts on which you base your contention;
(c) state the names, ADDRESSES, and telephone numbers of all PERSONS who have
knowledge of the facts;
and (d) identify all DOCUMENTS and other tangible things that support your contention
and state the name, ADDRESS, and telephone number of the PERSON who has each DOCUMENT
or thing.
16.7 Do you contend that any of the property damage claimed by plaintiff in discovery
Proceedings thus far in this case was not caused by the INCIDENT?
If so: (a) identify each item of property damage;
(b) state all facts on which you base your contention;
(c) state the names, ADDRESSES, and telephone numbers of all PERSONS who have
knowledge of the facts;
and (d) identify all DOCUMENTS and other tangible things that support your contention
and state the name, ADDRESS, and telephone number of the PERSON who has each DOCUMENT
or thing.
DISC - 001 [ Rev.
January 1, 2024 ] DISC - 001 16.8 Do you contend that any of the costs of repairing
the property damage claimed by plaintiff in discovery proceedings thus far in this
case were unreasonable?
If so: (a) identify each cost item;
(b) state all facts on which you base your contention;
(c) state the names, ADDRESSES, and telephone numbers of all PERSONS who have
knowledge of the facts;
and (d) identify all DOCUMENTS and other tangible things that support your contention
and state the name, ADDRESS, and telephone number of the PERSON who has each DOCUMENT
or thing.
16.9 Do YOU OR ANYONE ACTING ON YOUR BEHALF have any DOCUMENT (for example, insurance
bureau index reports) concerning claims for personal injuries made before or after
the INCIDENT by a plaintiff in this case?
If so, for each plaintiff state: (a) the source of each DOCUMENT;
(b) the date each claim arose;
(c) the nature of each claim;
and (d) the name, ADDRESS, and telephone number of the PERSON who has each DOCUMENT
.
16.10 Do YOU OR ANYONE ACTING ON YOUR BEHALF have any DOCUMENT concerning the past
or present physical, mental, or emotional condition of any plaintiff in this case
from a HEALTH CARE PROVIDER not previously identified (except for expert witnesses
covered by Code of Civil Procedure sections 2034.210-2034.310)?
If so, for each plaintiff state: (a) the name, ADDRESS, and telephone number
of each HEALTH CARE PROVIDER;
(b) a description of each DOCUMENT;
and (c) the name, ADDRESS, and telephone number of the PERSON who has each DOCUMENT
.
17.0 Responses to Request for Admissions 17.1 Is your response to each request for
admission served with these interrogatories an unqualified admission?
If not, for each response that is not an unqualified admission: (a) state the
number of the request;
(b) state all facts on which you base your response;
(c) state the names, ADDRESSES, and telephone numbers of all PERSONS who have
knowledge of those facts;
and (d) identify all DOCUMENTS and other tangible things that support your response
and state the name, ADDRESS, and telephone number of the PERSON who has each DOCUMENT
or thing.
18.0 [ Reserved ] 19.0 [ Reserved ] 20.0 How the Incident Occurred - Motor Vehicle
20.1 State the date, time, and place of the INCIDENT (closest street ADDRESS or
intersection).
20.2 For each vehicle involved in the INCIDENT, state: (a) the year, make, model
, and license number;
(b) the name, ADDRESS, and telephone number of the driver;
FORM INTERROGATORIES - GENERAL Page 7 of 8

(c) the name, ADDRESS, and telephone number of each occupant other than the driver
;
(d) the name, ADDRESS, and telephone number of each registered owner;
(e) the name, ADDRESS, and telephone number of each lessee;
(f) the name, ADDRESS, and telephone number of each owner other than the registered
owner or lien holder;
and (g) the name of each owner who gave permission or consent to the driver to operate
the vehicle.
20.3 State the ADDRESS and location where your trip began and the ADDRESS and location
of your destination.
20.4 Describe the route that you followed from the beginning of your trip to the location
of the INCIDENT, and state the location of each stop, other than routine traffic
stops, during the trip leading up to the INCIDENT.
20.5 State the name of the street or roadway, the lane of travel, and the direction
of travel of each vehicle involved in the INCIDENT for the 500 feet of travel before
the INCIDENT.
20.6 Did the INCIDENT occur at an intersection?
If so, describe all traffic control devices, signals, or signs at the intersection
.
20.7 Was there a traffic signal facing you at the time of the INCIDENT?
If so, state: (a) your location when you first saw it;
(b) the color;
(c) the number of seconds it had been that color;
and (d) whether the color changed between the time you first saw it and the INCIDENT
.
20.8 State how the INCIDENT occurred, giving the speed, direction, and location
of each vehicle involved: (a) just before the INCIDENT;
(b) at the time of the INCIDENT;
and (c) just after the INCIDENT.
20.9 Do you have information that a malfunction or defect in a vehicle caused the
INCIDENT?
If so: (a) identify the vehicle;
(b) identify each malfunction or defect;
(c) state the name, ADDRESS, and telephone number of each PERSON who is a witness
to or has information about each malfunction or defect;
and (d) state the name, ADDRESS, and telephone number of each PERSON who has custody
of each defective part.
20.10 Do you have information that any malfunction or defect in a vehicle contributed
to the injuries sustained in the INCIDENT?
If so: (a) identify the vehicle;
(b) identify each malfunction or defect;
(c) state the name, ADDRESS, and telephone number of each PERSON who is a witness
to or has information about each malfunction or defect;
and DISC - 001 [ Rev.
January 1, 2024 ] DISC - 001 (d) state the name, ADDRESS, and telephone number
of each PERSON who has custody of each defective part.
20.11 State the name, ADDRESS, and telephone number of each owner and each PERSON
who has had possession since the INCIDENT of each vehicle involved in the INCIDENT
.
25.0 [ Reserved ] 30.0 [ Reserved ] 40.0 [ Reserved ] 50.0 Contract x x 50.1 For each
agreement alleged in the pleadings: (a) identify each DOCUMENT that is part of
the agreement and for each state the name, ADDRESS, and telephone number of each
PERSON who has the DOCUMENT;
(b) state each part of the agreement not in writing, the name, ADDRESS, and telephone
number of each PERSON agreeing to that provision, and the date that part of the agreement
was made;
(c) identify all DOCUMENTS that evidence any part of the agreement not in writing
and for each state the name, ADDRESS, and telephone number of each PERSON who has
the DOCUMENT;
(d) identify all DOCUMENTS that are part of any modification to the agreement,
and for each state the name, ADDRESS, and telephone number of each PERSON who has
the DOCUMENT;
(e) state each modification not in writing, the date, and the name, ADDRESS,
and telephone number of each PERSON agreeing to the modification, and the date the
modification was made;
(f) identify all DOCUMENTS that evidence any modification of the agreement not in
writing and for each state the name, ADDRESS, and telephone number of each PERSON
who has the DOCUMENT.
50.2 Was there a breach of any agreement alleged in the pleadings?
If so, for each breach describe and give the date of every act or omission that you
claim is the breach of the agreement.
50.3 Was performance of any agreement alleged in the pleadings excused?
If so, identify each agreement excused and state why performance was excused.
x 50.4 Was any agreement alleged in the pleadings terminated by mutual agreement,
release, accord and satisfaction, or novation?
If so, identify each agreement terminated, the date of termination, and the basis
of the termination.
x x 50.5 Is any agreement alleged in the pleadings unenforce- able?
If so, identify each unenforceable agreement and state why it is unenforceable.
50.6 Is any agreement alleged in the pleadings ambiguous?
If so, identify each ambiguous agreement and state why it is ambiguous.
60.0 [ Reserved ] FORM INTERROGATORIES - GENERAL Page 8 of 8

Case Name: Jennifer Burbank, et al.
v.
Brad Martinez, et al.
Case No.: 24NNCV06082 PROOF OF SERVICE 1 2 3 STATE OF CALIFORNIA, COUNTY OF LOS
ANGELES I am employed in the County of San Diego, State of California.
I am over the age of 18 and not a party to the within action.
My business address is 185 W F Street, Suite 400, San Diego, CA 4 92101.
5 6 On March 21, 2025, I served the foregoing document (s) described as DEFENDANT
BRAD MARTINEZ'S REQUEST FOR FORM INTERROGATORIES TO PLAINTIFF JAMES BURBANK, SET
ONE on the interested parties by placing a true copy thereof enclosed 7 in sealed
envelopes addressed as follows: 8 Joseph Kellener David R.
Greene 9 Dignity Law Group, APC 14401 Sylvan St, Ste 102 10 Van Nuys, CA 91401
11 Tel: (323) 212 5365 Counsel for Plaintiff (s): BY MAIL: As follows: I am
" readily familiar " with the firm's practice of collection and processing correspondence
for mailing.
Under that practice, I deposited such envelope in the mail at San Diego, California
.
Email: info@dignitylawgroup.com 12 13 14 15 ■ 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 BY E
- MAIL: I caused all of the pages of the above - entitled document to be sent to
the recipient (s) noted via email at the respective email address (es) indicated
above.
BY FEDERAL EXPRESS / OVERNIGHT MAIL: I caused the above - described document to be
served on the interested parties noted as follows by Federal Express / Overnight Mail
.
BY PERSONAL SERVICE: I caused such envelope to be delivered by hand to the office
(s) of the addressee via messenger.
BY ELECTRONIC TRANSFER via electronic filing service provider and pursuant to California
Rules of Court, Rule 2.251, sent by e - Service through e - Filing Portal at the
time the documents were electronically filed.
The service was made on the email addresses listed with the court.
I declare under penalty of perjury under the laws of the State of California that
the above is true and correct.
Executed on March 21, 2025, at San Diego, California.
222 26 27 28 Danielle Trevino -i- PROOF OF SERVICE

