--- Page 1 ---
LW LYNBERG & WATKINS May 2, 2025 Via E - Mail Joseph Kellener David R.
Greene Dignity Law Group, APC 14401 Sylvan St, Ste 102 Van Nuys, CA 91401 info@dignitylawgroup.com
Re: Burbank v.
Martinez Claim No.: 18H5974 Our File No.: 2304-0049 Date of Loss: 11/25/2024 MEET
AND CONFER RE PLAINTIFFS ' DISCOVERY RESPONSES Dear Counsel: Please be advised that
Plaintiffs ' responses to Form Interrogatories and Requests for Admissions are deficient
as set forth below.
Please note that we are currently awaiting the corresponding verifications.
The proof of service is inaccurate in that it states that I was served with the responses
to Form Interrogatories and Requests for Admissions on April 30, 2025.
No such service occurred.
We are still awaiting the Responses to Requests for Production of Documents, the
production of the documents, as well as the corresponding verifications.
Please provide those immediately as they are overdue per our correspondence of May
1, 2025.
Given that we have not received these responses or the document production, we are
reserving the right to further meet and confer on the responses to requests for production
.
A.
Responses to Form Interrogatories Plaintiffs have failed to provide substantive responses
to validly issued, judicially approved form interrogatories.
" Misuses of the discovery process include but are not limited to...
(d) Failing to respond or to submit to an authorized method of discovery.
" Code Civ.
Proc.
§ 2023.010 (d).
Both Plaintiffs did not respond to the background interrogatories, namely 2.2;
2.3;
2.4;
2.6;
and 2.7.
Objections were waived due to your failure to respond by the LOS ANGELES 1150 S.
Olive Street Eighteenth Floor Los Angeles, CA 90015 Tel 213-624-8700 Fax 213-892-2763
ORANGE COUNTY 1100 Town & Country Road Suite # 1450 Orange, CA 92868 Tel 714-937-1010
Fax 714 937-1003 SAN DIEGO 185 West F Street 4th Floor San Diego, CA 92101 Tel 619-814-2169
Fax 619-356-4968 REPLY TO: SAN DIEGO

--- Page 2 ---
Re: Burbank v Martinez May 2, 2025 extension deadline.
Furthermore, these are judicially approved form interrogatories that are standard
in every case.
The failure to provide responses to these interrogatories constitutes a misuse of
the discovery process.
Further, the plaintiffs have a duty to provide “ complete ” answers.
Each answer in the response must be " as complete and straightforward as the information
reasonably available to the responding party permits.
If an interrogatory cannot be answered completely, it shall be answered to the extent
possible.
" (CCP § 2030.220 (a), (b) (emphasis added).
) False or evasive responses are improper.
Indeed, an evasive response is grounds for sanctions.
(see CCP § 2023.010 (f).
) 1.
Jennifer Burbank's Responses Ms.
Burbank's injury claims involve what appear to be mental health related claims.
In her response to Form Interrogatory 6.7, she states that " physical therapy sessions
are ongoing, potential counseling / therapy, not yet assigned a specialist.
" While this may be a typo, please amend the responses to disclose what type of injury
(ies) she is alleging that would require physical therapy.
The response to Form Interrogatory 7.1 is wholly inadequate.
Plaintiff has a duty to review the documentation and items in her possession to provide
this information to the defense.
How does Plaintiff not know the value of the items she is claiming as damaged?
The response to Form Interrogatory 7.3 then states that the damaged items were " tossed
away " which raises a spoilation of evidence issue.
With respect to Form Interrogatory 8.2, Ms.
Burbank is making a wage loss claim but does not provide any information as to her
employer, the nature of her employment, or any other identifying information so
that Defendants can issue a subpoena for these records.
The claim of privacy is laughable and improper.
Ms.
Burbank is alleging lost wages in this litigation.
She cannot then refuse to provide any documentation for the defense to evaluate this
claim.
If she wishes to withdraw this claim, there will be no need to supplement this response
.
Similarly, the response to 8.3 is inadequate as it specifically requests a date.
The response to 8.4 is incomplete as it does not state how the amount was calculated
.
The remainder of the 8.0 series is deficient for the failure to respond to the entire
interrogatory.
These responses are evasive and sanctionable.
As to the response to Form Interrogatory 10.3 (b), it is incomplete.
Simply putting " Defendant " is not sufficiently specific as there are multiple named
Defendants in this action.
Form Interrogatory 11.1 (b) and (c) were not responded to.
Please amend.
The response to 12.4 is incomplete and evasive.
The interrogatory specifically asks for the number of photographs or videos;
the places;
and the person taking the photographs and in possession of same.
Simply putting " plaintiff " is insufficient as there are two plaintiffs in this case
.
The response to 12.6 is similarly deficient in that the entire call of the interrogatory
is not responded to.
The response of broadly listing a category 2

--- Page 3 ---
Re: Burbank v Martinez May 2, 2025 (e.g.
LAHD) without further specification as required in the interrogatory is again evasive
.
As to Form Interrogatory 14.2, please respond to (b) and (c).
If Plaintiffs contend that the Defendants were cited / charged, then what is the
basis or grounds for that citation / charge?
With respect to 17.1, plaintiff has failed to respond to (d) which requires the
identification of all documents and other tangible things that the response, and
provide the contact information for each person who has each document or thing.
2.
James Burbank's Responses Plaintiff failed to respond to Form Interrogatory 6.4 (
d).
It is not credible that plaintiff would seek medical treatment and have no receipt
for the services.
The response to Form Interrogatory 7.1 is wholly inadequate.
Zero information was provided.
Plaintiff cannot state " not applicable " but still make a claim for property damage
.
The response to Form Interrogatory 7.3 then states that the damaged items were " tossed
away " which raises a spoilation of evidence issue.
With respect to Form Interrogatory 8.2, Mr.
Burbank is making a wage loss claim but does not provide any information such that
Defendants can issue a subpoena for these records.
The claim of privacy is laughable and improper.
Mr.
Burbank is alleging lost wages in this litigation.
He cannot then refuse to provide further information, including the name of his employer
as required in the background interrogatories.
The response to 12.4 is incomplete and evasive.
The interrogatory specifically asks for the number of photographs or videos;
the places;
and the person taking the photographs and in possession of same.
Simply putting “ plaintiff " is insufficient as there are two plaintiffs in this case
.
The response to 12.6 is similarly deficient in that the entire call of the interrogatory
is not responded to.
The Building Inspector made the report for himself?
As to Form Interrogatory 14.2, please respond to (b) and (c).
If Plaintiffs contend that the Defendants were cited / charged, then what is the
basis or grounds for that citation / charge?
With respect to 17.1, plaintiff has failed to respond to (d) which requires the
identification of all documents and other tangible things that the response and provide
the contact information for each person who has each document or thing.
3

--- Page 4 ---
Re: Burbank v Martinez May 2, 2025 B.
Responses to Requests for Admissions Both plaintiffs ' response to request for admission
no.
5 is not code compliant.
The response provided violates Code of Civil Procedure § 2033.220 (c), which requires
that if a responding party lacks sufficient information to admit or deny, it must
state that it " has made reasonable inquiry and that the information known or readily
obtainable by [ it ] is insufficient to enable [ it ] to admit or deny.
" C.
Responses to Requests for Production As noted above, there were no responses provided
.
All objections have been waived.
We will be seeking court intervention for the failure to respond.
D.
Conclusion We are optimistic that we can resolve these issues informally.
Please provide amended, code compliant responses to the Form Interrogatories and
Requests for Admission on or before close of business on May 9, 2025.
If we do not receive responses, we will seek appropriate court intervention, including
motions to compel and requests for sanctions.
Thank you for your attention to this matter.
Please feel free to contact our office with any questions.
CC: Lane E.
Webb, Esq.
(via email) Stephanie George (via email) Sincerely, Lynberg & Watkins, APC Shukway
Shanna M.
Van Wagner Partner

