--- Page 1 --- Page 1 92 2361193 RECORDING REQUESTED BY:

RECORDING REQUESTED BY STEWART TITLE · AND WHEN RECORDED MAIL TO:

Law Offices of Timothy S. Murakami The Wilshire Courtyard 5750 Wilshire Blvd., Suite 500 Los Angeles, CA 90036 RECORDED IN OFFICIAL RECORDS OF LOS ANGELES COUNTY, CF.

DEC 16 1992 AT 8AM.

Recorder's Office Tel: (213) 933-5900 Fax: (213) 933-7100 FEE $ 24.0005 76 3T DECLARATION OF COVENANTS, CONDITIONS, RESTRICTIONS AND EASEMENTS FOR STONEMAN COURT - TRACT NO. 49546 (A Condominium Project) 4/25508-23 [CCR.CS-4-17-92] Order: SCTT Description: 1992.2361193 Page 1 of 76 Comment:

1 ARTICLE DESCRIPTION INDEX DECLARATION AND RECITALS I DEFINITIONS

--- Page 2 --- I PAGE R-1 1.1 11 DESCRIPTION OF PROPERTY, DIVISION OF PROPERTY

11.1 II-1 2.01 Units .

11.1 2.02 Common Area(s) 2.03 Exclusive Use Common Area(s) Il-t 111 OWNERS GENERAL USE RESTRICTIONS III-1 3.01 Unit Use III.1 3.02 Common Area Use.

III-1 3.03 Nuisances III-1 3.04 Exterior Clothes Lines III-2 3.05 Exterior Apparatus Regulations 111-2 3.06 Window Covers III-2

--- Page 3 --- 3.08 Signs 3.09 3.10 3.11 3.12 3.07 Debris, Trash and Refuse Use Affecting Insurance Rates Rights Reserved by Declarant California Vehicle Code Animal Regulations.

3.13 Parking and Vehicle Restrictions 3.14 Repair and Maintenance by Owner.

III-2 III-2 III-3 III-3 III-3 III-4 111-4 TII-S i 92 2361193 Order: SCTT Description: 1992.2361193 Page 2 of 76 Comment:

ARTICLE DESCRIPTION PAGE IV ASSOCIATION, ADMINISTRATION, MEMBERSHIP AND VOTING RIGHTS IV-1 4.01 Membership

--- Page 4 --- IV-1 4.02 Membership Classes.

IV-1 4.03 Joint Ownership.

IV-1 4.04 Voting Rights and Requirements IV-2 4.05 Transfer of Membership IV-2 DUTIES AND POWERS OF THE ASSOCIATIO Page 2 N V-1 5.01 Commencement of Duties.

V.1 ■ ■■ Citation Duties and Fowers V-1 5.03 Board Powers and Limitations V-?

V-3 5.04 Insurance 5.05 Budget, Financial Statements and Governing Documents

--- Page 5 --- V-6 5.06 Association Performance of an Owner's Obligation

V-12 5.07 Penalties for Non-Compliance 5.08 Right of Entry 5.09 Utility Easements V-13 V-14 V-14 V-14 V-14 5.11 V-15 VI 5.10 Repair and Maintenance by Association.

Wood-Destroying Pests 5.12 Unsegregated Real Property Taxes COVENANT FOR ASSESSMENT VI-1 6.01 General Purpose of Assessments.

VI.1 6.02 Creation of the Lien and Personal Liability

VI-1 6.03 Regular Assessments VI-2 6.04 Special Assessments.

VI-2 6.05 Extraordinary Charges.

VI-3

--- Page 6 --- 6.06 Uniform Assessment Rate.

VI-4 6.07 Commencement Date of Regular Assessments; Due Dates of Assessments.

VI-4 6.08 6.09 Assessment Duties of the Board of Directors

Effect of Nonpayment of Assessments:

VI-4 Delinquency and Remedies of the Association.

VI-S 6.10 Nonuse and Abandonment.

VI-7 6.11 Waiver of Exemptions VI-7 92 2361193 Order: SCTT Description: 1992.2361193 Page 3 of 76 Comment:

PAGE 4 ARTICLE DESCRIPTION VII ARCHITECTURAL CONTROL 7.01 Approval by the Committee VII-1 7.02 Certain Procedures for the Committee VII-1

--- Page 7 --- 7.03 Enforcement by Owners VII-2 7.04 No Waiver VII-2 7.05 No Liability VII-2 7.06 Review Standards VII-2 7.07 Rules and Regulations VII-3 7.08 Compensation of Members.

VII-3 7.09 Appeal VII-3 Viil MORTGAGEE PROTECTION VIII-I 8.01 Subordination of Lien and Foreclosure VIII-1 8.02 Mortgagees Are Not Required to Cure Certain Breaches

VIII-) 8.03 Effect of Breach of Declaration VIII-1 8.04 Exemption from Right of First Refus

--- Page 8 --- Page 3 al.

VIII-2 8.05 Restrictions on Certain Changes .

VIII-2 8.06 Inspection of Association Books and Records

VIII-4 8.07 Condemnation Awards and Insurance Proceeds.

VIII-4 8.08 Mortgagee's Right to Attend Meetings VIII-5 8.09 Payments by Mortgagees VIII-5 8.10 8.11 8.12 IX 9.01 Loss Payable Endorsement.

Notices to Mortgagees Governmental Financing Programs DESTRUCTION OF IMPROVEMENTS.

Restoration of the Property VIII-5 VIII-S VIII-6

--- Page 9 --- IX-1 IX-1 9.02 9.03 Sale of Property and Right to Partition Interior Damage IX-1 IX-3 9.04 Notice to Owners and Listed Mortgagees

1X-3 X EMINENT DOMAIN X-1 10.01 Representation by Board in Condemnation Proceeding

10.02 Distribution of Award X-1 X.1 10.03 Inverse Condemnation X-2 10.04 Revival of the Right to Partition X-2 10.05 Awards for Members' Personal Property

10.06 Notice to Members.

and Relocation Allowances 10.07 Change of Condominium Interest.

X-2 X-2 X-3 92 2361193 Order: SCTT Description: 1992.2361193 Page 4 of 76 Comment:

:

ARTICLE DESCRIPTION

--- Page 10 --- PAGE ΧΙ COVENANT AGAINST PARTITION AND RESTRICTION ON

SEVERABILITY OF CONDOMINIUM COMPONENT INTEREST XI-1 11.01 No Partition; Exceptions; Power of Attorney

11.02 Proceeds of Partition Sale.

XI-1 XI-1 11.03 No Separate Conveyance of Condominium Components

XI-2 XII EASEMENTS XII-1 12.01 Certain Rights and Easements Reserved to Declarant.

XII-1 12.02 Certain Easements for Owners XII-2 12.03 Certain Easements for Association XII-2 12.04 Encroachment XII-2 12.05 Creation of Easements XII-3 XIII UTILITIES.

XIII-1 .

13.01 Owner's Rights and Duties.

XIII-1 13.02 Association's Duties.

XIII-1 XIV

--- Page 11 --- SPECIAL PROVISIONS RELATING TO ENFORCEMENT OF

DECLARANT'S Page 4 OBLIGATION TO COMPLETE COMMON AREA IMPROVEMENTS XIV-1 XV AMENDMENT XV-1 15.01 Amendment XV-1 XVI MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS XVI-1 16.01 No Rights Given to Public.

XVI-1 16.02 Enforcement.

XVI-1 16.03 Termination of any Responsibility of Declarant

XVI-1 16.04 Term of Declaration XVI.1 16.05 Notices XVI-2 16.06 Partial Invalidity XVI-2 16.07 Number XVI-2 16.08 Attorneys' Fees XVI-2

--- Page 12 --- 16.09 City of Alhambra Conditions XVI-2 EXECUTION PAGE SUBORDINATION BY LIENHOLDER EXHIBIT A  PROPERTY iv 92 2361193 Order: SCTT Description: 1992.2361193 Page 5 of 76 Comment:

5 DECLARATION OF COVENANTS, CONDITIONS RESTRICTIONS AND EASEMENTS FOR STONEMAN COURT THIS DECLARATION is made this 25th day of

JUNE 1992, by FUDGE/VAN SCHAICK CORPORATION, a California corporation,

("Declarant").

RECITALS:

A.

Declarant is the owner of that certain real property

("Property) in the City of Alhambra, County of Los

Angeles, State of California, as described in attached Exhibit "A".

B.

C Declarant intends to develop the Property into a

Condominium project under the provisions

of California

--- Page 13 --- Civil Code Section 1350, et seq.

The governmental entity with primary jurisdiction over this project is the

City of Alhambra in the County of Los Angeles. The Association shall abide by codes and/or ordinances of the primary jurisdiction above stated and the State of California, and the Board of Directors shall be bound, in favor of the City of Alhambra,

to the following covenants and conditions.

NOW, THEREFORE, Declarant hereby declares that the Property

shall be held, conveyed, Mortgaged, encumbered

, leased, rented, used, occupied, sold, and improved, subject t Page 5 o the following declarations, limitations, covenants, conditions, restrictions, liens, charges and easements, all of which are for the purpose

of enhancing and protecting the value and attractiveness of the Property, and every part thereof, in

accordance with the plan for the improvement

of the Property and division thereof into Condominiums . All of the limitations, covenants

--- Page 14 --- , conditions, restrictions, and easements shall

constitute equitable servitudes in accordance with Civil Code Section 1354 and shall be binding upon Declarant and its successors

and assigns, and all parties having or acquiring any right, title or interest in or to any part of the Property.

R-1 92 2361193 Order SCTT Description: 1992.2361193 Page 6 of 76 Comment:

■■ ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS The following definitions apply unless otherwise required by the context:

"Approval"  Prior written approval.

"Articles" The Articles of Incorporation of the Association, including any

amendments.

"Assessments" All types of Association charges and Assessments levied against the

Owners.

.

"Association" The Stoneman Court-Alhambra Homeowners Association, Inc.,

California nonprofit mutual benefit corporation formed

(or to be formed) to govern the Project, its successors and assigns,

--- Page 15 --- including its agents, the Board or any commitice as applicable.

"Board" or "Board of Directors" "Bylaws” - The Board of Directors of the Association.

The Bylaws of the Association, including any amendments.

"Common Area(s)" The entire Property (including structures, land and

improvements) other than the Units described in this

Declaration and the Condominium Plan.

"Common Exp Page 6 enses" The actual and estimated expenses of the Association in

performing its duties as set forth in the Governing Documents.

"Condominium".

of the California Civil Code) consisting of both:

An estate in real property (defined In Sections 783 and 1351(1)

(a) A separate interest in space called a "Unit"; and

(b) An undivided interest in the Common Area appurtenant to each Unit.

- “Condominium Building" A building or structure containing any portion of any

Condominium Unit(s).

- "Condominium Plan” The recorded diagrammatic floor plan of the Units built or

to be built on the Property which identifies each Unit and shows its dimensions

pursuant to California Civil Code

--- Page 16 --- Section 1351(e).

"Declarant" The person(s) or entity identified in the introductory paragraph of this

Declaration; also, Declarant's successors and assigns, if specifically granted such

authority by official instrument recorded

in the Office of the County Recorder.

I-1 92 2361193 Order SCIT Description: 1992.2361193 Page 7 of 76 Comment:

070 *Declaration" This instrument and any amendments.

- "DRE* The California Department of Real Estate and any successors thereto.

"Eligible First Mortgagees" - Holders of First Mortgages who have requested the

Association to notify them of specified proposals

and changes to the Governing Documents.

- "Exclusive Use Common Area" Those portions of a Common Area designated by

the Declaration, and/or Condominium Plan or

by law for the exclusive or restricted use of the Owners of particular designated

Units.

"FHA" - The Federal Housing Administration of the United States Department of

Housing and Urban Development and any Page 7 department or agency of the United

--- Page 17 --- States government which succeeds to the FHA's function of Insuring notes remured by iviungages on residential real estate.

⋅ "FHLMC" The Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation (also known as 'The

Mortgage Corporation) created by Title II of

the Emergency Home Finance Act of 1970, and any successors to such corporation.

⋅ "ENMA" The Federal National Mortgage Association, a government-sponsored

private corporation established pursuant to Title VIII

of the Housing and Urban Development Act of 1968, and any successors

to such corporation.

“Governing Documents" All documents governing the Property, including this

Declaration, the Articles, Bylaws, Condominium Plan

and any Rules and Regulations.

- "GNMA" The Government National Mortgage Association administered by the

United States Department of Housing and Urban

Development, and any successors to such association.

- “Institutional Lender” Any bank, savings and toan association, insurance company,

real estate investment trust, retirement fund

trust, or other financial institution holding

a recorded first Mortgage on any Condominium.

- The person(s), firm or corporation contractually

"Manager" or "Managing Agent" engaged by the Association or Declarant and charged with the management of

--- Page 18 --- the Common Area(s) and the performance of other

duties of the Association as provided for in this Declaration.

 *Member* Any person who is an Owner and a Member of the Association based

upon the provisions of the Governing Documents.

"Mortgage" A Mortgage or deed of trust.

- "Mortgagee* - A Mortgagee, beneficiary or holder of a deed of trust.

1-2 Page 8 92 2361193 Order SCTT Description: 1992.2361193 Page 8 of 76 Comment:

*Mortgagor* A Mortgagor or trustor of a deed of trust.

" "Notice and a Hearing" A notice of time and an opportunity for a hearing as

provided for in the Governing Documents.

"Occupant" An Owner, resident, guest, invitee, tenant, lessee, sublessee, or other

person in possession, "Owner" or "Owners" The person(s) or legal entity holding a fee simple interest in

a Unit, or the purchaser(s) of a Unit under an

executory contract of sale. "Owner" does not include any person or entity having an interest in a Unit

merely as security for the performance of an obligation.

--- Page 19 --- - "Person" A person, partnership, corporation, trustee or other legal entity.

- "Project" 'That portion of the real property described in Paragraph "A" of the

Recitals to this Declaration, which is divided or to be divided

into Condominiums , including the Common Area and the Units therein. The Project is a "Condominium

Project as defined in Section 1351(f) of the California Civil

Code.

"Property" The real property described in Paragraph "A" of the Recitals to this

Declaration, and any improvements constructed upon it at any time. The Property is

a "Common Interest Development" as defined in Section

1351(c) of the California Civil Code.

"Restrictions" All of the terms, provisions and restrictions set forth in the

Governing Documents.

- "Rules and Regulations" The rules as established and adopted from time to time

by the Board as provided for in this Declaration.

"Unit" - The elements of a Condominium not owned in common with other Owners

as defined in California Civil Code Section 1351(f).

Page 9 Each Unit is designated as a Unit in the Condominium Plan for the Property and is separately identified.

- *VA* The Department of Veterans Affairs of the United States and any

department or agency of the federal government which

--- Page 20 --- succeeds to VA's function of issuing guarantees of notes secured by Mortgages

on residential real estate.

1-3 92 2361193 Order: SCTT Description: 1992.2361193 Page 9 of 76 Comment:

9 I ARTICLE II DESCRIPTION OF PROPERTY, DIVISION OF PROPERTY The Condominium Property consists of Units and Common Area(s) (including

Exclusive Use Common Areas).

Each Unit consists of all elements and areas identified as such on the

Condominium Plan.

2.01 Units.

(a) (b) (c) Existing physical Unit boundaries (re)constructed in substantial

accordance with the original plans will be the presumed boundaries (rather than the figures in the deed or Condominium Plan) regardless of a building's settling, lateral movement or other minor variance.

Any Condominium conveyed while a structure(s) shown on the

Condominium Plan has not yet been

--- Page 21 --- built will be deemed to have the boundaries shown on the Condominium Plan, subject to paragraph (b) above.

2.02 Common Area(s).

The Property not constituting the Units is the Common Area,

Each Unit Owner will receive the following undivided interest in the

Common Area: one/sixteenth (1/16).

2.03 Exclusive Use Common Area(s).

(a) (b) (c) Declarant hereby allocates and reserves Exclusive Use Common Areas, if

any, as shown on the Condominium Plan for the exclusive use of the appurtenant Unit.

Internal and external telephone wiring designed to serve a Unit (located

outside Unit boundari Page 10 es) are Exclusive Use Common Area(s) pursuant to Civil Code Section 1351(i)(2) allocated

exclusively to the relevant Unit.

Use of the Exclusive Use Common Area(s) are subject to reasonable

restrictions contained in any Governing Documents.

II-1 92 2361193 Order: SCTT

--- Page 22 --- Description: 1992.2361193 Page 10 of 76 Comment:

10 (d) Exterior surfaces (perimeter walls, floors, windows and doors) adjoining

any Exclusive Use Common Area(s):

(1) (2) (e) Constitutes a portion of the Exclusive Use Common Area

boundary; but Do not constitute a part of the Exclusive Use Common

Area itself.

Any other Exclusive Use Common Area(s) are as shown on the Condominium

Plan.

11-2 92.2361193 Order: SCTT Description: 1992.2361193 Page 11 of 76 Comment:

3.01 (a) (b) (D) Unit Use.

ARTICLE III OWNERS GENERAL USE RESTRICTIONS Each Unit shall be used solely as a private residential dwelling and for

no other purpose, subject to rights reserved herein by Declarant for development of the Property.

An Owner may rent a Unit for single family residential purposes

provided:

(1)

--- Page 23 --- There is a written agreement; (2) The rental term is longer than thirty (30) days; and

(3) The lease states it is subject to all the provisions of the

Governing Documents.

(c) Occupations and businesses that do not interfere with the residential nature or

character of the Property or quiet enjoyment by other Owners may be carried

on within a Unit, provided that all applicable laws, ordinances, zoning regulations and rules are satisfied and that there is no external evidence

of any such occupation.

3.02 Common Area Use.

Common Area(s) and Exclusive Use Common Area(s) may only be used

Page 21 for purposes which are compatible with usages customarily associated with common

areas located within residential developments in California, and subject to the

limitations described in this Declaration

and other Governing Documents.

3.03 Nuisances.

(a) (b) (■) Illegal, offensive, obnoxious actions, or noxious odors that interfere with any

--- Page 24 --- Occupant's quiet enjoyment, or may impair

the structural integrity of any building, are not permitted anywhere on the Property.

An Occupant may not cause the level of noise or sound from the Unit to

interfere with the quiet enjoyment of an Occupant of another Unit (i.e., loud music or television, shouting, slamming of doors, and other such actions.)

The Board shall have the right to determine if any action, odor, noise or other

conduct constitutes a nuisance, and to appropriately deal with the situation.

III-1 92 2361193 Order: SCTT Description: 1992.2361193 Page 12 of 76 Comment:

(d) The City of Alhambra may undertake and complete such corrective measures

as are necessary to remedy a public nuisance on the property and assess the cost thereof against the Association as a lien in accordance with the provisions

of the Alhambra Municipal Code relating to the abatement of public nuisances

.

3.04 Exterior Clothes Lines.

Exterior clothes lines may not be erected and clothes may not be dried out-of-

doors, 3.05 Exterior Apparatus Regulations.

Electrical or telephone wiring, antennas, air-conditioning units, etc.. are not

permitted to protrude through the exterior walls or roof, unless authorized

--- Page 25 --- by the Board.

3.06 Window Covers.

Newspaper, aluminum foil, paper, lettering or sim

Page 22 ilar materials may not be used as window coverings.

3.07 Debris, Trash and Refuse.

(a) (b) (c) (d) Weeds, rubbish, debris, objects or materials of any kind that are

unsanitary, unsightly, or offensive may not be placed or permitted to accumulate in any Unit or the Common Area(s).

Rubbish or storage containers, woodpiles, machinery, equipment and

other unsightly objects are prohibited if they can be seen from other

Units or Common Area(s ).

Rubbish containers may be placed temporarily for pick-up (subject to the

Rules and Regulations).

Owners must prevent their vehicles from dripping oil on the driveways

and other Common Areas.

3.08 Signs.

(a) The Declarant may erect and maintain any signs, advertising devices or

--- Page 26 --- structures to conduct development , improvement, subdivision, sale or leasing operations on the Property for up to three (3) years from the

date of the first conveyance after issuance of the original DRE public

report (as long as the activities do not unreasonably interfere with any Owner's use of the Property ).

III-2 92 2361193 Order: SCTT Description: 1992.2361193 Page 13 of 76 Comment:

13 (b) (c) Subject to Civil Code Sections 712 and 713, and any local ordinance, an

Owner may advertise a Condominium for sale or lease with one (1) real

estate sign with a standard format previously approved by the Board,

and with a maximum face area of six (6) square feet, and placed in a

location approved by the Board.

The display of any sign of any kind displaying or advertising any service,

business or other commercial project or venture in the development is

prohibited. No other sign, poster, display, or advertising

Page 23 device may be displayed anywhere on the Property visible outside a Unit without the

--- Page 27 --- prior written consent of the Board.

3.09 Use Affecting Insurance Rates.

(a) (b) Acts that threaten cancellation or an increase of insurance rates for the

Property may not be committed without Board approval.

If a particular Owner's occupancy is the cause of increased insurance

rates, the responsible Owner is personally liable for the additional

insurance premiums.

3.10 Rights Reserved by Declarant.

(a) T While any Unit remains unsold and for no longer than three (3) years from the

date of recordation of this Declaration (and without unreasonably interfering

with other Owners), the Declarant has authority to do the following:

Complete excavation, grading and construction of improvements on the

Property, or to alter the foregoing or its construction plans and designs on any

Common Areas, or on any portion of the Property owned solely or partially by

Declarant. Any such alteration by Declarant shall require prior approval of

VA and FHA if such alteration is inconsistent with the general plan of

development of the Property previously submitted to and approved by the VA

and FHA; Use any unsold Unit or Model Unit as a construction, real estate sales,

leasing or decoration office; Use the Common Area(s) as reasonably needed for ingress, egress,

development, sales and construction purposes; and

(b) (c) (d) Construct additional improvements Declarant deems advisable in the cause of

development of the Property.

III-3 92 2361193 Order: SCTT Description: 1992.2361193

--- Page 28 --- Page 14 of 76 Comment:

14 t 3.11 California Vehicle Code.

All applicable provisions Page 24 of the California Vehicle Code will be enforced on

any private streets on the Property in accordance with California Vehicle Code

Section 22658.2 (or successor statule).

3.12 Animal Regulations.

(a) (b) (c) (d) A maximum of two (2) ordinary household pets (such as domestic dogs, cats,

birds) may be kept, provided they are not kept, bred or raised for commercial

purposes and they are kept under reasonable control at all times.

Animals that bother or annoy other Owners or residents (e.g., excessively

barking dogs) may not be kept on the Property or in a Unit.

A dog may only enter the Common Area(s) while on a leash which is held by

a person capable of controlling it.

Owners must prevent their pets from soiling the Common Area(s), and are

solely responsible for any required clean-up.

3.13 Parking and Vehicle Restrictions.

■■ (a) (b) E The Association may establish parking Rules and Regulations, including the

--- Page 29 --- establishment of "parking", "no parking" and "guest parking" areas within the

Property.

The Association has the right and obligation to enforce all parking restrictions

and to remove any violating vehicles in accordance with the California Vehicle

Code, or other applicable laws.

(c) The relevant City or County has the right (but not the duty) to enforce parking

restrictions in accordance with the California Vehicle Code and all other

applicable laws, (d) Only passenger motor vehicles may be parked in the parking spaces.

(e) Restoring or repairing vehicles on the Property, or any repair activity the

Association deems a nuisance is not permitted at any time.

(f) (g) Buses, trailers, campers, boats, watercraft, mobile homes

Page 25 , recreational vehicles, inoperable vehicles, and the like, or any vehicle the Association deems a

nuisance are not permitted on the Property,

Garage doors, if any, may not be left open, except as temporarily necessary or

while used for exiting or entering.

III-4 92 2361193 Order: SCIT Description: 1992 2361193 Page 15 of 76.

Comment 15 ■■■ (h)

--- Page 30 --- Each Unit shall have the exclusive right to use not less than two (2) designated

parking spaces of the kind required by the Alhambra Municipal Code.

3.14 Repair and Maintenance by Owner.

€ (a) (b) (c) (d) In accordance with the Governing Documents, each Owner must maintain and

repair all of the following:

(1) ■■ (2) (3) (4) (5) (6) All of the Owner's Unit in a clean, sanitary and attractive condition;

The Unit's Exclusive Use Common Arca(s), if any, in a clean, sanitary

and attractive condition; The interior and exterior surfaces of all Unit windows in good, clean

condition. Any window replacement must be with similar glass color and quality to the window glass supplied with the Unit; Any hot water heater that solely and exclusively services the Owner's

Unit; Any air conditioning equipment that solely and exclusively serves the

Owner's Unit; and Any damage to the Common Area(s) caused by an Owner, his family or

guest, even if the damage is to an area otherwise maintained by the Association. All the repairs

--- Page 31 --- shall be subject to prior approval of the

Architectural Committee.

Except as otherwise provided herein, each Owner has the exclusive right to

paint, wallpaper or otherwise furnish and decorate the interior surfaces of the walls, partitions, ceilings, floors , and doors wi Page 26 thin the Unit (including furniture and furnishings), without prior approval of the Architectural Committee. The

type and color of all exposed window coverings shall be subject to the prior

written approval of the Architectural Committee.

An Owner may not do anything that unreasonably increases the level of noise.

If an Owner does anything to the Unit that may increase the level of noise or

sound that can be heard outside the Unit during normal use and occupancy of

the Unit (for example, replacing carpeting with tile or other hard surface), the

Owner must take all reasonable measures (at own expense) to deaden, insulate

or otherwise decrease the level of such noise to the minimum level reasonably

possible.

If a patio, balcony or deck adjoins a Unit, the Owner's rights and

responsibilities are as follows:"

--- Page 32 --- (1) Owner must maintain the patio, balcony or deck in a clean and sanitary

condition; III-5 92 2361193 Order: SCTT Description: 1992.2361193 Page 16 of 76 Comment:

■■ ■■■ ■■■■■ (e) (0) (g) (2) (3) (4) Owner may furnish the patio, balcony or deck with outdoor furniture for

reasonable family use and in keeping with the aesthetics of the Property,

with the prior consent of the Architectural Committee; Owner may not paint, alter, remodel or enclose any patio, balcony or

deck without prior approval of the Architectural Committee; and Owner may not place or store unsightly objects on a patio, balcony or

deck that can be seen by the public or other Owners from their Units , patios, balconies, or Common Area.

Any change to the exterior appearance of a Unit must be in accordance with

the Governing Documents and appl

--- Page 33 --- Page 27 icable laws, An Owner may not make any improvement which impairs the structural

integrity or mechanical systems , or lessens the support of any portion of

the Property.

Subject to this Declaration and California Civil Code Section 1360 (or any

successor statutes), an Owner may do the following:

(1) (2) Make any improvement or alteration within the Unit and its Exclusive

Use Common Area (if any) that does not impair the structural integrity

or mechanical systems, or lessen the support of any portion of the Property, Modify a Unit and its Exclusive Use Common Area (if any) to eliminate

hazards and facilitate access for disabled persons (including the route

from the public way to the Unit door) subject to the following conditions:

(A) The modifications must be consistent with applicable building

code requirements.

(B) ■Ê (C) (D) The modifications must be consistent with applicable provisions

of the Governing Documents regarding safety and aesthetics.

External modifications to the Unit of its Exclusive Use Common

--- Page 34 --- Area may not prevent reasonable passage by other Owners, and must be removed by the Owner when the Unit is no longer occupied by the person(s) requiring the modifications.

Plans and specifications must be submitted to the Architectural

Committee for review to determine compliance with the provisions

of this paragraph.

III-6 92 2361193 Order: SCTT Description: 1992.2361193 Page 17 of 76 Comment:

■ (h) (i) (E) The Architectural Committee may not deny approval of the

proposed modifications without good cause.

Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, Declarant may install hard

floor surfaces in a Unit Page 28 or in the Common Area, (including without limitation

, wood, marble, granite, or tile, regardless of its noise impact on any other Unli

ar Owner).

An Owner may not alter any structure or landscape portions of any Unit visible

from the street or Common

--- Page 35 --- Area(s) without the prior approval of the

Architectural Committee.

III-7 92 2361193 Order: SCTT Description: 1992.2361193 Page 18 of 76 Comment:

■■■ ARTICLE IV ASSOCIATION. MEMBERSHIP AND VOTING RIGHTS

4.01 Membershilp.

Every Unit Owner is automatically an Association Member.

4.02 Membership Classes.

ciation has two (4) classes of voting membership:

() TI (1) Class A Members - All Unit Owners (other than Declarant).

(2) Class B Member Unit owned.

The Declarant, entitled to three (3) votes for each

(b) Class B Membership irreversibly ceases and converts to Class A Membership

on the first to occur of the following:

(1) (2) The total outstanding votes held by Class A Membership equals the total

outstanding votes held by Class B Membership (tripled); or Two (2) years after the first conveyance after issuance of the original

DRE public report.

--- Page 36 --- 4.03 Joint Ownership.

(a) Each joint Unit Owner has an indivisible interest in a single Membership.

(b) Each Unit is entitled to one (1) vote.

(c) Each Unit's vote is cast as a single unit, without fraction.

(d) (e) If joint Unit Owners cannot unanimously agree how to cast their vote, they

forfeit their right to vote on the matter in question.

If a joint Owner casts a vote representing a certain Unit, it will be presumed

for all purposes to be a vote with the authority and consent of all other joint

Owners of the Unit.

IV-1 92 23611 Page 29 93 Order: SCTT Description: 1992.2361193 Page 19 of 76 Comment:

A 20 4.04 Voting Rights and Requirements.

(a) Voting rights shall commence for each Unit within the Project when

Assessments against the Unit have been levied by the Association,

--- Page 37 --- (b) After Notice and Hearing, the Association has the right to suspend the voting

rights of any Owner delinquent in the payment of Assessments.

(c) (d) If Membership approval of a prescribed majority of the voting power (other

than Declarant) is required, the following rules apply:

(1) (2) If both Class A and Class B Members exist, the required vote is a bare

majority of Class B voting power, and the prescribed majority of Class A voting power; or After conversion to all Class A memberships, the required vote is a harc

majority of the total voting power of the Association, and the prescribed majority of the total voting power of Members other than Declarant.

Unless otherwise specifically required, Membership approval requires the

affirmative vote of a majority of a quorum of each class of Membership (and after conversion, approval of Class A only).

4.05 Transfer of Membership.

(a) (b) (c) Membership of each Owner shall be appurtenant to the Condominium owned,

and may only be (and is automatically) transferred upon conveyance of title to

a Condominium to the

--- Page 38 --- new Owner.

The Association may not collect or impose any fee, Assessment, interest, or

other restriction relating to a title transfer other than the Association's actual

costs to change its records.

The California Civil Code Section 1368 provides in part that an Owner shall as

soon as practicable before transfer of t Page 30 itle give to a prospective purchaser_a copy of the Governing Documents along with a true statement in writing from the Board of Directors detailing delinquent Assessments, a copy of the most

recent financial statement pursuant to Civil Code Section 1365, and a statement

concerning limitations, if any, on occupancy, residency, or use on the basis of

age.

IV-2 92 2361193 Order SCTT Description: 1992.2361193 Page 20 of 76 Comment:

[ 21 5.01 ARTICLE V DUTIES AND POWERS OF THE ASSOCIATION

--- Page 39 --- Commencement of Dutles.

The Association's responsibility for the management, maintenance and

administration of the Property in accordance

with the Governing Documents commences when the first Condominium is sold, 5.02 Specific Association Duties and Powers.

The duties and powers of the Association are those set forth in the Governing

Documents, together with its general and

implied powers as a nonprofit mutual benefit corporation, generally to do all

things which are necessary or proper for

the peace, health, comfort, safety and general welfare of its Members, including the

following:

(a) (b) (c) (d) Obtain refuse collection, gardening, janitorial, water, sewer, electrical, gas and

other services for the benefit of the Common Area(s), to be paid for by

Assessments levied and collected for the services.

Adopt reasonable Rules and Regulations consistent with this Declaration

relating to use of the Common Area (s) and facilities, and to implement the provisions of this Declaration .

Discharge by payment any lien against the Common Area(s), including any

property taxes and assessments which may become liens, and assess all costs

an

--- Page 40 --- Page 41 d fees to the Member(s) responsible for the lien. Such a property tax or

assessment may be contested or compromised

by the Association, provided that it is paid, or a bond insuring its payment is posted prior to the disposition of

any property to satisfy the payment of taxes.

Obtain management services (the "Manager") to manage the Common Area(s),

and hire accountants, lawyers, and any other personnel needed to perform the

duties and responsibilities deemed advisable by the Association.

(1) If there are more than twenty (20) Units in the Property, or if there are

any VA loans outstanding for the Project, the Manager must be covered

by a fidelity bond equal to a three (3) month Assessments of all the Units which provides for a ten (10) day written notice to the Association

and each FNMA Mortgage serviced before the bond is cancelled or modified for any reason.

V-1 92 2361193 Order SCTT Description: 1992.2361193 Page 21 of 76

--- Page 41 --- Comment:

(e) (f) (g) (h) (i) (2) If the Association enters into a management contract before the

conversion of Class B to Class A memberships, the contract must include

a right of termination without cause that the Association may exercise at

any time after conversion (with an advance notice of thirty (30) days and

without payment of any penalty).

Construct or demolish (with Board approval) improvements to the Common

Area(s), and levy a Special Assessment for the work, in accordance with the

provisions of this Declaration (with VA approval, if applicable).

Establish and maintain working capital, reserve and/or contingency funds in

reasonable amounts determined by the Board.

Enforce the appli Page 42 cable provisions of the Declaration, Articles, Bylaws, Rules

and other instruments for the ownership, management and control of the

Project.

Contract for goods and/or services for the Common Areas, facilities, and

interests, or for the Association subject to the limitations set forth below.

Exercise any powers normally exercised by residential homeowner associations

under the laws of the State of California.

5.03 (a) Board Powers and Limitations Except as to matters requiring the approval of Owners, the affairs of the

--- Page 42 --- Association shall be conducted by the Board consistent with the law applicable

to mutual benefit non-profit corporations.

The Board may not ordinarily take any of the following actions unless approved

by a majority of the voting power of Members (other than Declarant):

Enter into a contract for a term longer than one (1) year with a third person

who furnishes goods or services for the Common Area(s) or the Association,

with the following exceptions:

(1) A management contract with terms approved by the FHA or VA;

(2) A contract with a public utility company if the Public Utilities

Commission regulates rates charged for materials or services, provided

that the contract term does not exceed the shortest term for which the

supplier will contract at the regulated rate;

V-2 92 2361193 Order SCTT Description' 1992 2361193.

Page 22 of 76 Comment:

22 (b) (c) (d) (3) (4) (5) (6) Prepaid casualty and/or liability insurance policies of not to exceed

three (3) years' duration, provided that the policy permits short-rate cancellation by the insured ; Lease agreements for laundry room fixtures and equipment not to

exceed

--- Page 43 --- Page 43 five years duration, provided that Declarant's ownership interest in the lessor under the agreement does not exceed ten percent (10%);

Agreements for satellite dishes or cable television services and

equipment, not to exceed five (5) years duration, provided that the Declarant's ownership interest in the entity does not exceed ten percent (10%); and Agreements for sale, lease, installation or services of burglar and fire

alarm equipment, not to exceed five (5) years duration, provided that

Declarant's ownership interest in any entity involved does not exceed ten percent (10%).

Incur capital improvement expenditures for Common Area improvements in

excess of five percent (5%) of the Association's budgeted gross expenses for

that fiscal year.

Sell Association property whose aggregate fair market value is more than five

percent (5%) of the budgeted gross expenses of the Association for that fiscal

year.

Pay compensation to Association Officers, Board Members or the Board for

services performed, except as

--- Page 44 --- reimbursement of costs incurred in the conduct

of the Association's business .

5.04 Insurance.

Subject to the Section entitled, "Government Financing Programs", it is the

Association's duty to obtain and maintain insurance coverages as mandated

in this Section.

Blanket insurance policy premiums are a Common Expense to be included in

the regular Assessments.

The policies shall name as insureds the Owners, their Mortgagees, the

Association, and the Declarant (while Owner of any Condominium), with a loss payable endorsement naming the Association as Trustee.

The Board must maintain the following insurance cove

Page 44 rages:

V.3 92 2361193 Order: SCTT Description: 1992.2361193 Page 23 of 76 Comment:

23 (a)

--- Page 45 --- (b) (c) (d) (e) (f) (g) (h) Fire Insurance for one hundred percent (100%) of the full replacement value

of all improvements on the Property, including the Condominiums and

Common Area(s), without deduction for depreciation or coinsurance. It

is recommended that individual Owners maintain their own insurance for personal property.

Extended coverage that includes vandalism, malicious mischief, and replacement

costs.

At least ONE MILLION DOLLARS ($1,000,000) in comprehensive general

liability insurance that covers the Association, Board, Declarant, Managing Agent, Owners, and any other agents or employees incident to the Common

Area(s) against physical injury, death and property damage, and which contains

:

(1) (3) A "severability of interest" endorsement to preclude the insurer from

denying an Owner's claim due to a negligent act by other Owners or the Association; and If avaliable, a cuss liability to each insured.

--- Page 46 --- If available, an extended coverage endorsement clause known as "All Risk",

and a clause that permits a cash settlement to cover the full value of improvements in case of destruction and a subsequent decision not to

rebuild.

There shall be a deductible of no more than Ten Thousand Dollars

($10,000.00) or one percent (1%) of the face amount of the policy, provided it is acceptable to the First Mortgagees named as insured.

Each hazard insurance policy must be written by a carrier who meets FNMA

requirements for a "Best Rating ".

Workers' compensation insurance in compliance with all applicable laws.

If the Secr Page 45 etary of Housing and Urban Development identifies the Property as

having special flood hazards :

(1) (2) A "blanket" flood insurance policy must be maintained to the maximum

coverage available under the appropriate National Flood Insurance Administration program, or 100% of the insurable value of the facilities, whichever is less; and The maximum deductible for the policy is FIVE THOUSAND

--- Page 47 --- DOLLARS ($5,000) or one percent (1%) of the policy's face amount, whichever is less.

24 V-4 92 2361193 Order: SCTT Description: 1992.2361193 Page 24 of 76 Comment:

(i) (j) (k) (1) A fidelity bond that insures the Association for the estimated maximum amount

(or at least three (3) months aggregate Assessments on all Units and reserve

funds) that could be affected by the dishonest act of any person who handles

funds for the Owners' benefit.

(Mandatory for a Property with more than

twenty (20) Units, and at the option of the Association for a Property with less Units), The Association (acting through the Board of Directors) is trustee of all

named insureds under policies maintained by the Association, with proceeds

payable to the Association. The Board has authority to:

(1) (2) (3) Receive and deal with the proceeds as provided for in this Declaration;

Negotiate loss settlements with insurance carriers (with first Mortgagees'

--- Page 48 --- participation, for those who have filed written requests for notice) within

ten (10) days after receiving notice of any damage or destruction; and

Name a representative as insured (with whom the Association may únic

into an insurance trust agreement) who will have exclusive authority to negotiate any los Page 46 ses.

Any two (2) Association officers may sign loss claim forms and release forms

regarding a settlement, and their signatures will be binding on all named

insureds.

Insurance and fidelity bonds must provide for a ten (10) day written notice of

modification or termination to any insurance trustee, and to each FNMA

servicer who has filed a written request with the carrier for such notice.

(m) Any Insurance policy the Association deems appropriate.

■■■ ■ Association insurance policies shall contain the following provisions, ("Special

Condominium Endorsements") as appropriate:

Statements that the policies are primary and non-contributing, even if an

Owner has other insurance; Statements that an Owner's conduct will not constitute grounds for

avoiding liability; (n) (1) (2)

--- Page 49 --- (3) A waiver of the carrier's right of subrogation against any Owner or

family member, the Association , the Board, the Manager, the Board , the Declarant, and any of their agents or employees; (4) Insurance Guard Endorsement, if obtainable at a reasonable cost;

(5) Any Insurance Trust Agreement will be recognized;

V-5 92 2361193 Order: SCTT Description: 1992.2361193 Page 25 of 76 Comment:

25 1..

(0) (p) (6) (7) (8) If a construction code requires changes to undamaged portions of a

building when any part of the building is destroyed by an insured hazard, then a Construction Code Endorsement, typically including endorsements

for demolition cost, increased cost of construction, and contingent lability from building operation laws ; If the property has central heating or cooling, Steamed Boiler and

--- Page 50 --- Machinery Coverage Endorsement should provide a min Page 47 imum liability per accident of $2,000,000, or the insurable value of the building housing the boiler or machinery, whichever is less; The Association is not obligated to provide intra-Unit public liability

insurance or any protection against risks customarily covered under "apartment owners" or "condominium owners" package policies.

Owners may individually insure against such risks; and (9) Standard mortgage clause and name as origagee either FNMA or

servicers (if applicable).

At least annually, the Board must review the Association's insurance policies.

If economically feasible, prior to each annual review the Board shall obtain a

current appraisal of the full replacement value of Improvements on the

Property (except for foundations and footings) without deduction for depreciation.

5.05 Budget, Financial Statements and Governing Documents.

(a) The Board of Directors of the Association must perform all of the following on

at least a quarterly basis:

--- Page 51 --- (1) Review the income and expense statement for the Association's

operating and reserve accounts; (2) Cause a reconciliation of the Association's operating and reserve

accounts, and a review thereof; (3) Review the current year's actual reserve revenues and expenses

compared to the current year's budget ; and (4) (b) Review the most current account statements from the financial

institutions handling the Association's operating and reserve accounts.

The Board must regularly distribute the following budgets and financial

statements to each Association Member:

V-6 92 2361193 Order: SCTT Description: 1992.2361193 Page 26 of 76 Comment:

26 (1) (2) A pro-forma operating Page 48

--- Page 52 --- statement (budget) for the immediately ensuing

fiscal year not less than forty -five (45) days and not more than sixty (

60) days prior to the beginning of the fiscal year, which shall include the

following:

(A) (B) (C) The estimated revenue and expenses on an accrual basis;

A summary of the Association's reserves based upon the most

recent review or study conducted pursuant to Section 1365.5, which shall be printed in bold type and include all of the following:

(i) (ii) The current estimated replacement cost, estimated

remaining life, and estimated useful life of each major component.

As of the end of the fiscal year for which the study is

prepared:

(1) The current estimate of the amount of cash reserves

necessary to repair, replace , restore or maintain the major components.

(2) The current amount of accumulated cash reserves

actually set aside to repair, replace, restore

or maintain the major components.

--- Page 53 --- (iii) The percentage that the amount determined for purposes of

clause (2) of sub-paragraph (li) above is of the amount determined for purposes of clause ( 1) of sub-paragraph (ii) above.

A general statement of procedures the Board uses to calculate

and establish reserves to defray costs of repair, replacement or additions to major components of the Common Area and facilities for which the Association is responsible.

A statement as to whether the Board has determined or anticipates that

the levy of one or more Special Assessments will be required to repair, replace, or restore any major component or to provide adequate reserves

therefor.

V-7 92 2361193 Order: SCTT Description: 1992.2361193 Page 27 of 76 Page 49 Comment:

i 27 (3) (4)

--- Page 54 --- In lieu of the pro-forma budget described in subparagraph (b)(1) above,

the Board may distribute a budget statement summary to all Members, accompanied with a written notice in at least 10-point bold type on the front page of the statement summary advising that the complete statement is available at a location on the Property and a copy will he furnished upon request at the Association's

expense, delivered by first- class United States mail within five (5) days.

Within sixty (60) days of the following accounting date, balance sheet

with:

(A) (B) (5) (6) An accounting date the last day of the month nearest to six (6)

months from the closing date of the first Unit sale; and A schedule of Assessments identified by Unit number and the

name of the person assessed.

An operating statement for the period from the closing date of the first

sale.

Within one hundred twenty (120) days after the close of a fiscal year, an

Annual Report must be distributed by the Association and include all of the following:

(7) (A) A balance sheet as of the end of the fiscal year;

(B)

--- Page 55 --- An operating (income) slatement for the fiscal year;

(C) 0 (D) (E) (B) A statement of changes in financial position for the fiscal year;

Any information required to be reported by California

Corporations Code Section 8322, concerning indemnifications and transactions with interested persons.

For any fiscal year in which the gross income to the Association

exceeds seventy-five thousand dollars ( $75,000), a copy of the review of the Annual Report prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principals

by a licensee of the C Page 50 alifornia State Board of Accountancy.

If the Annual Report referred to in number (6) above is not prepared

by an independent accountant, it must be

accompanied by the certificate of an authorized Association officer that the statement was prepared

from the Association's books and records

without independent audit

--- Page 56 --- or review.

V-8 92 2361193 Order: SCTT Description: 1992.2361193 Page 28 of 76 Comment:

29 T (c) (d) (c) (8) (9) If there are fifty (50) or more Units, the Association must provide an

audited statement for the preceding fiscal year

when a written request is submitted by the holder, insurer, or guarantor of any first

Mortgage.

If there are fewer than fifty (50) Units and no audited statement is

available, a Mortgage hulder is permitted (at own

expense) to have an audited statement prepared.

(10) A statement of the Association's policy for enforcement of lien rights or

other legal remedies for default of Assessment payments against the Members including the recording and foreclosing of liens

against a Member's Condominium, which must be delivered

within sixty (60) days prior to the beginning of the next fiscal year.

--- Page 57 --- The summary of the Association's reserves disclosed in sub-paragraph

(b)(1)()() abuve shali nui be admissible in evidence

to show improper financial management of an Association, provided that other relevant and competent evidence of the financial condition

of the Association is not made inadmissible by this provision.

As used in this Section, "reserve accounts" means money that the Board has

identified for use to defray the costs of future improvements

or repairs to areas the Associ Page 61 ation is obligated to maintain. Withdrawal

of funds from the Association's reserve account requires the signatures

of either:

(1) (2) Two (2) Board members; or One (1) Board member and an Officer of the Association who is not a

Board member.

The Board may only expend reserve funds to repair, restore, replace, and

maintain the major components for which the

Association is obligated (including any related litigation) and for

which the reserve fund was established. However, the Board may authorize

--- Page 58 --- the temporary transfer of money from a reserve fund to the Association's general

operating fund to meet short-term cash-flow requirements of other expenses, provided:

(1) (2) The transferred funds must be restored to the reserve fund within three

(3) years of the date of the initial transfer; unless

Based on documentary support, the Board determines that a delay in

restoration of the reserve fund would be in the best interests of the Project. In case of such determination, the Board

must:

(A) Restore the fund at the time which the Board reasonably

determines to be necessary; V-9 92 2361193 Order: SCTT Description: 1992.2361193 Page 29 of 76 Comment:

29 30 (B) Exercise prudent fiscal management in delaying restoration of the

reserve fund; and (C) (f) (g) (h) If necessary, levy a Special Assessment (not Subject to the

limitation imposed by California Civil Code Section 1366)

--- Page 59 --- to recover the full amount of the expended funds within the time limits required by this Section .

At lease once every three (3) years, the Board shall cause a study of the

reserve account requirements of the Project to be conducted if the current

Page 62 replacement value of the major components for which the Association is obligated to repair, replace, restore or maintain is at least one-half (1/2 ) of the gross budget of the Association for any fiscal year. The Board shall review this

study annually and shall consider and implement necessary adjustments to the

Board's analysis of the reserve account requirements as a result of that review

.

The study must at a minimum include the following:

(1) (2) (3) (4) Identification of the major components which the Association is obligated

to repair, replace, restore or maintain and which have a remaining useful

--- Page 60 --- life of less than thirty (30) years as of the date of the study; Identification of the probable remaining useful life of the components

identified in paragraph (f)(1) above as of the date of the study; An estimate of the cost of repair, replacement, restoration, or

maintenance of each major component identified in paragraph (f)(1) above during and at the end of its useful life; and An estimate of the total annual contribution necessary to defray the cost

to repair, replace, restore or maintain each major component during and at the end of its useful life, after subtracting total reserve funds as of the date of the study.

As used in the Section, "reserve account requirements" means the estimated

funds which the Board has determined are required to be available at a specified point in time to repair, replace

, or restore those major components which the Association is obligated to maintain.

Within ten (10) days of receipt of a written request, the Association shall

provide an Owner with a copy of the docume Page 63 nts listed below. The Association

--- Page 61 --- may charge a reasonable fee to the Owner for the Association's cost to prepare

reproduce these documents .

(1) The Governing Documents; V-10 92 2361193 Order: SCTT Description: 1992.2361193 Page 30 of 76 Comment:

(i) (2) (3) (4) (5) If an age restriction limits occupancy, residency, or use of a separate

interest different from Civil Code Section 51.3 or federal law, a

statement that specifies the applicable provisions of Section 51.3, and

that the restriction is only enforceable to the extent permitted by Section

51.3 or federal law; A copy of the most recent financial statement (distributed pursuant to

Civil Code Section 1365); A written statement from an authorized Association representative

revealing the amount of the Association's current Regular and Special

Assessments and fees, as well as any unpaid Assessments levied on the

Owner's Condominium (including information on late charges, interest,

and costs of collection which may be a llen on the Owner's

Condominium under Civil Code Section 1367); and

Any change in the Association's current Regular and Special Assessments

and fees which has been approved by the Board but has not become

due and payable as of the date disclosure is provided pursuant to this

Section.

The Association shall make the following documents available for inspection

and copying by a Member or his duly appointed representative at the office of

--- Page 62 --- the Association upon request during normal business hours or under other

reasonable circumstances:

(1) (2) (3) The Membership register, mailing addresses, telephone numbers, books

of account and minutes of meetings of the

Page 64 Board for any purpose reasonably related to a Member's interest.

For Owners, lenders, holders, insurers and guarantors of a first Mortgage

on any Unit, current copies of all Governing Documents, books, records,

and financial statements of the Association;

The Association may charge a fee to the requesting party for this service

which may not exceed the reasonable cost to prepare and reproduce the

requested items.

V-11 92 2361193 Order: SCTT Description: 1992.2361193 Page 31 of 76

Comment:

371 5.06 Association Performance of an Owner's Obligations.

(a) (b) (d) (e) If an Owner falls to accomplish any maintenance or repair required by this

Declaration, the Association has the right (but not the obligation) to cause such maintenance or repair to be accomplished according

--- Page 63 --- to the following regulations:

The Board must give the offending Owner a Notice of Deficiency that outlines

the problem and sets a date for a hearing before the Board or its appointed

Committee ("Board").

A hearing must be held from fifteen (15) to thirty (30) days after the Notice of

Deficiency's delivery date and must be conducted as follows:

(1) 8■■■ (2) (3) (4) According to reasonable rules and procedures adopted by the Board:

Owners may present evidence and cross-examine any person offering

evidence against the Owner; A decision rendered against the Owner must set a date by which the

Owner is to correct the deficiency; and A committee decision may be appealed to the Board, but a decision by

the Board is final.

If the deficiency continues after the time limit imposed by the Board, such

maintenance or repair may be accomplished

according to the follow Page 65 ing regulations:

(1) (2) (3)

--- Page 64 --- (4) After a written Notice of Action by the Board, the Owner has no more

than ten (10) days to select a day(s) when

such maintenance or repair may be accomplished; The Owner must select a date between fifteen (15) and forty-five (45)

days from the final day of the ten (10) day

Notice of Action period; If the offending Owner does not select a day(s), the Board may select

dates to accomplish the work, between twenty-five (25) and fifty-five ( 55) days from the last day of the ten (10) day

Notice of Action period; and Unless the Owner and Board otherwise agree, such maintenance or

repair may take place during daylight hours

Monday through Saturday , excluding national holidays.

Any Association payments for such maintenance or repair must be reimbursed

by the Owner within thirty (30) days .

V-12 92 2361193 Order: SCTT Description: 1992.2361193 Page 32 of 76 Comment:

ZV 5.07 Penalties for Non-Compliance.

(a) (b) (c) (d)

--- Page 65 --- In recognition of the need for a reasonable means of encouraging and insisting

upon compliance with the provisions of the Governing Documents without resorting to suits for injunctive relief, the Board is authorized to do the

following:

(1) Establish a reasonable policy of reasonable penalties, including monetary

penalties (which specifies the amounts of potential monetary penalties);

and (2) (3) Assess any Owner found to be in violation of any provision of the

Governing Documents.

Temporary suspensions of an Owner's voting rights as a Member of the

Association for so long as the violation continues.

Notice and Hearing relating to the imposition of any penalties in this Sec

Page 66 tion must be made in the following manner and at a minimum:

(1) (2) (3) (4) (5) Notice must be given to the relevant Owner's most recent address in the

Association's records at least fifteen (15) days before the proposed effective date of the penalty;

--- Page 66 --- Notice must set forth details of the violation itself, the proposed penalty,

and the date, time and place of the Hearing; The penalized Owner may be heard (either orally or in writing) at a

Hearing held at least five (5) days before the effective date of the proposed penalty; Hearing will be held by the Board of Directors, and their decision is

final and binding upon the Owner ; and Following the Hearing, the Board must decide whether or not the

Owner should in fact be penalized, and the nature of the penalty.

If an Owner fails to comply with a penalty imposed pursuant to the provisions

of this Section, the Board may seek judicial enforcement of the penalty in any

court of competent jurisdiction, with the Owner liable for all costs (collection

costs, court costs, attorney's fees, etc.), However, such penalties and costs shall

not be treated as an assessment that may become a prejudgment lien enforceable by Civil Code Section 2924.

Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Owner shall be given, at a minimum, the

rights set forth in Corporations Code Section 7341 or any successor statute.

V-13 92 2361193 Order: SCTT Description: 1992.2361193 Page 33 of 76 Comment:

33 92 2361193

--- Page 67 --- 5.08 Right of Evity.

(a) (b) S (c) The Association has the right to enter any Unit or Common Area(s) to

determine compliance with the Governing Documents.

In case of emergency, a Unit may be entere

Page 67 d immediately. Otherwise, a Unit may only be entered at reasonable hours after the Owner has received three

(3) days notice.

Entry must be made with as little inconvenience as possible to the Owner, and

any damage caused must be repaired by the entering party.

5.09 Utility Easements.

The Association may grant easements and rights of way through the Common

Area(s) for water, sewer, telephone and cable lines, storm drains, underground

conduits, sprinkler systems, and other purposes intended to maintain the health

, safety, convenience and enjoyment of the Units and Common Area(s).

5.10 Repair and Maintenance by the Association.

(a) (b) Subject to the Owner's maintenance and repair obligations provided for in this

Declaration, the Association

--- Page 68 --- (and not individual Owners) is solely responsible

for:

Maintaining the Common Areas in a first-class condition, making necessary

repairs, modifications and improvements.

Repairing and maintaining the Common Area(s) as necessitated by

wood-destroying pests or organisms . If the Board considers it economically feasible, the Association shall perform a periodic inspection and preventative

program of pest eradication.

5.11 Wood-Destroying Pests.

If the Association is responsible for maintenance and repair necessitated by

wood-destroying pests or organisms , the procedure will be as follows:

V-14 Order: SCTT Description: 1992.2361193 Page 34 of 76 Comment:

34 92 2361193 355 I (a) The affected Owner must pay all costs of temporary relocation during the

repair and maintenance of the area(s) within the Association's responsibility;

(b) The Association may cause the temporary removal of

Page 68

--- Page 69 --- an occupant from a Unit for a period of time necessary for prompt, effective treatment of

wood-destroying pests or organisms; and (c) The Association must serve a notice of temporary relocation at least fifteen

(15) days prior to the effective date, which states:

(1) The reason for relocation; (2) The dates and times of the commencement and termination of

treatment; and (3) That the occupants will be responsible for their own accommodations

during the temporary relocation.

5.12 Unsegregated Real Property Taxes.

(a) (b) ■ (c) (d) (e) (f) The Association shall pay all real and personal property taxes and assessments

levied upon any portion of the Property that are not assessed to or

paid by the Owners.

If all the Units are taxed under a blanket tax bill covering the entire Project,

each Owner shall pay their proportionate share of any Installment to the

Association at least ten (10) days prior to the delinquency date.

The Association shall transmit the taxes to the appropriate tax collection

agency on or before the delinquency date.

Blanket taxes for the Project shall be allocated equally among the Owners and

their Condominiums, based upon the total number of Units to be constructed

in the Project.

--- Page 70 --- The Association shall deliver the following to each Owner at least forty-five

(45) days prior to the delinquncy date of any blanket tax installment:

(1) A copy of the tax bill; and (2) A written notice setting forth the Owner's obligation to pay their

proportionate share of the tax installment and the potential additional

charges to the Owner for failure to comply.

The Association shall pay the taxes on behalf of any Owner who

Page 69 does not pay their proportionate share.

V-15 Order: SCTT Description: 1992.2361193 Page 35 of 76 Comment:

92 2361193 (g) The Association shall add the following charges to the Annual Assessment of a

delinquent Owner:

(1) The amount of any sum advanced; (2) Interest at an annual rate of ten percent (10%); and

(3) (h) Any amount necessary to reimburse the Association for any penalty or

late charge resulting from the delinquent Owner's failure to make timely

payment of their proportionate

--- Page 71 --- share of the taxes.

Prior to the close of escrow for the sale of ninety percent (90%) of the

Condominiums in the project, the foregoing

provisions relating to the collection of taxes in connection with a blanket tax bill on all or any portion of the Project may not be amended without the express written consent of Declarant.

V-16 Order: SCTT Description: 1992.2361193 Page 36 of 76 Comment:

■■■■ 92 2361193 ARTICLE VI COVENANTS FOR ASSESSMENT 6.01 General Purpose of Assessments.

(a) (b) (c) ■ (d) Assessments may be levied by the Association for improvement and

maintenance of the Common Area(s), administration of the Property, and to

promote the recreation, safety, and welfare for the common good of

all the Owners.

The Association may not collect an Assessment fee in excess of the amount

needed for the purpose levied.

The Association shall provide notice by first-class mail to the Owners of the

separate interests of any increase in Regular or Special Assessments

--- Page 72 --- not less than thirty (30) nor more than sixty (60) days prior to the

increased Assessment becoming due, Annual increases in Regular Assessments for any fiscal year, as author

Page 70 ized in Section 6.03(c), may not be imposed unless:

(1) (2) The Board has complied with Section 5.05(b) with respect to that fiscal

year; or The Board has obtained the approval of a quorum of Owners (more

than fifty percent (50%) of the Owners in the Association) casting a

majority of the votes at a meeting or election of the

Association conducted in accordance with Chapter 5 (commencing with Section 7$10)

of Part 3 of Division 2 of Title 1 of the Corporations Code and Section

7613 of the Corporations Code, 6.02 Creation of the Lien and Personal Liability.

(a) Declarant, and its successor in interest, if any, for each Condominium owned by

it, and each Owner, by acceptance of a deed to a Condominium

, whether or not it shall be so expressed in any deed, covenants and agrees

to pay to the Association:

(1) Regular Assessments or charges; (2) Special Assessments; (3)

--- Page 73 --- Reconstruction Assessments; and (4) Extraordinary charges/Assessments.

VI-1 Order: SCTT Description: 1992.2361193 Page 37 of 76 Comment:

37 922361193 (b) Assessments and related interest, collection costs, and reasonable attorneys' fees

are the personal obligations of the Owner and binds heirs, devisees, representatives, successors and assigns, but does not pass to successors

in title untess expressly assumed by them.

6.03 Regular Assessments.

(a) Regular Assessments levied annually by the Association may be collected and

used for:

(1) (2) (3) (4) (b) (c) (d) Maintenance and operation of the Common Area(s);

Administration of the Property and the Association;

Establish reserves for Common Area maintenance and repairs;

For purposes reasonably determined by t

--- Page 74 --- Page 81 he Board, Until January 1 following the first sale of a Condominium, the Regular

Monthly Unit Assessment will be subject to the Association budget approved by DRE in connection with the issuance of the most recent Public Report for the

Property. Beginning January 1 following the first sale of a Condominium

, the Board will annually determine the Regular Monthly Unit Assessment after

giving due consideration to current maintenance and operating costs,

anticipated future needs, reserves, and all relevant facts.

Except as provided in "Extraordinary Charges" below, the Board may not

increase a regular annual Assessment per Unit more than twenty percent

(20%) of the Regular Assessment for the Association's preceding fiscal year unless

there is a vote of approval of Owners, constituting a quorum casting a majority of the votes at a meeting or vote without a meeting of the Association

conducted in accordance with California Corporations Code Section 7510

--- Page 75 --- et seq. and 7613 et seq., as amended from time to time. For purposes of this section, quorum means more than fifty percent (50%) of the Members of

the Association.

Monthly Unit Assessments for a partial year must be annualized to determine

whether proposed Assessments for the Association's first full calendar year

exceed a twenty percent (20% ) annual increase over the previous Assessment

.

6.04 Special Assessments- (a) The Board may levy Special Assessments in any year to defray the costs of:

(1) Capital improvements to be made on the Property by the

Association ; VI-2 38 Order: SCTT Description: 1992.2361193 Page 38 of 76 Comment:

92 2361193 (2) Other spec Page 82 ial common expenses; and

--- Page 76 --- (b) (3) Any Association undertaking for which funding is not otherwise provided.

Except as provided in "Extraordinary Charges" below, Special Assessments may

not exceed in the aggregate five percent (5%) of the Association's budgeted

gross expenses in that fiscal year without the approval of Owners, constituting

a quorum, casting a majority of the votes at a meeting or vote without a meeting

of the Association conducted in accordance with California Corporations Code

Section 7510 et, seq. and 7613 et. seq.

as amended from time to time. For purposes of this section, quorum means more than fifty percent (50%) of the Members of the Association .

Written notice of any Special Assessment amount must be:

(c) (1) Sent to every Owner; (d) 3 (2) Include the date payment is due.

Special Assessments will be levied on the same basis as Regular Assessments,

to the extent reasonably possible.

6.05 Extraordinary Charges.

Notwithstanding any other provision contained in this Article, the Board may

levy a special assessment for the following:

(b) Repair or maintenance in any area of Association responsibility that

poses a threat to personal safety;

--- Page 77 --- or (1) A court order; (2) (3) Repair or maintenance in any area of Association responsibility that was

unforeseen by the Board while preparing the proforma operating budget .

However, prior to the imposition or collection of such charge, the Board must first pass and distribute a written resolution with the Notice of Assessment to all Members containing written findings as to the necessity for the charge, and why it was not or could not have been reasona Page 83 bly foreseen in the budgeting process charges, The provisions relating to Special Assessments notwithstanding, each Owner

agrees to pay the Association the following charges:

(1) Extra maintenance and repair costs caused by the willful or negligent act

of the Owner, (family, guests, tenants , lessees, licensees or invitees) and not caused by ordinary wear and tear;

--- Page 78 --- VI.3 Order: SCTT Description: 1992.2361193 Page 39 of 76 Comment:

39 1 92 2361193 (2) Costs to bring the relevant Condominium and Owner into compliance

with the provisions of the Restrictions.

(c) (d) (e) Written notice of an Extraordinary Charge passed by the Board must be

delivered to the responsible Owner, and contain the basis and due date for the charge.

An Extraordinary Charge not paid when due is subject to the same interest and

late charges provided for Delinquent Assessments, An Extraordinary Charge, late charges, interest, collection costs and reasonable

allomeys' fees may be established by the Board and enforced by the relevant

civil courts.

6.06 Uniform Assessment Rate.

(a) (b) Regular Assessments and Special Assessments must be fixed at a uniform rate

for all subject Units, except as otherwise provided

, Each subject Unit is liable for a pro rata share (the fractional number one (1)

over the total number of Units subject to Assessment by the Association at that

time).

--- Page 79 --- 6.07 Commencement Date of Regular Assessments;

Due Dates of Assessments.

(a) Regular Assessments commence on the first of the month immediately after

conveyance of the first Unit to a purchaser

.

(b) Except for the partial first year, Regular Assessments will be:

(1) Levied on Page 84 a calendar year basis; (2) Due and payable in advance on the first day of every month, or in any

other manner established by the Board , 6.08 (a) Assessment Dutles of the Board of Directora.

At least thirty (30) days before each calendar year, the Board of Directors

must:

VI-4 Order: SCTT Description: 1992.2361193 Page 40 of 76 Comment:

40 92 2361193 (1) Set Regular Annual Assessment amounts for each Unit; and

(2)

--- Page 80 --- Prepare an Annual Roster of Units that includes relevant Assessments

and is made available for inspection by any Owner during normal business hours.

Written notice of Regular Assessments must be sent to every Owner as follows:

(b) (1) (2) (c) T (d) (3) Annually; At least thirty (30) days before the applicable calendar year; and

Specifying when installment payments are due and payable.

If for some reason a Regular Assessment is not prepared as required, terms of

the Regular Assessment in place for the previous year will continue unchanged

until the Board enacts a new or supplementary Assessment.

Upon demand by an Owner (or Mortgagee) whose Condominium is liable for

any Assessment, the Association will furnish a written certificate (constituting

conclusive evidence of any payment of Assessments) signed by an Association

officer that sets forth:

The nature and extent of the Assessment(s);

Due dates and whether any delinquency exists.

The Board may impose a reasonable charge for issuing the certificate.

Effect of Nonpayment of Assessments:

(1) (2) (3) 6.09 (a)

--- Page 81 --- (1) Delinquency and Remedies of the Association.

An Assessment is delinquent ("Delinquent Assessment") if not paid within

fifteen (15) days after the du Page 85 e date . A Delinquent Assessment includes:

A late charge imposed by the Board to the maximum amount in

accordance with California Civil Code Section 1366 (or any successor statutes); (2) Reasonable collection costs and attorney's fees; and

(3) Interest on all costs and charges at an annual rate of twelve percent

(12%), commencing thirty (30) days after the Assessment is due.

(b) Delinquent Assessments and related costs will be a continuing lien on the

relevant Condominium when a " Notice of Delinquent Assessment" is recorded against an Owner's fee interest in a Condominium.

VI-5 Order: SCTT Description: 1992.2361193 Page 41 of 76 Comment:

92 2361193

--- Page 82 --- T (c) (d) This lien is prior and superior to all other monetary liens on the Owner's fee

interest except:

(1) (2) (3) Taxes, bonds, Assessments and other levies that are superior by law; and

The lien or charge of any first Mortgage of record made for value in

good faith.

The lien for Assessments which were due and payable prior to the

transfer of an Owner's interest in a Condominium

shall be deemed extinguished upon the transfer of said interest as the result

of the exercise of a power of sate or a judicial foreclosure

involving a default under the first Mortgage.

In addition to all other legal rights and remedies, the Association may:

= (1) (2) (3) (4) (5) Bring legal action against an Owner who is personally obligated to pay

the Assessment and charges (without foreclosing

or waiving any lien security); Judicially foreclose the lien against the Condominium, including the

Assessment, interest, collection costs and late charges

; Foreclose the lien by power of sale in

--- Page 83 --- Page 86 accordance with California Civil Code Sections 2924-2924h, or any other lawful

manner; Bid on the Condominium through authorized agents at the foreclosure

sale, to acquire, hold, lease, Mortgage or convey; or

Temporarily suspend the voting rights of the Owner in accordance with

the provisions of this Declaration.

Foreclosure action may not proceed until thirty (30) days after a Notice of

Claim of Delinquent Assessment is duly recorded

with the relevant County Recorder that sets forth:

42 (1) The amount claimed (including all charges provided for above);

(2) Sufficient legal description of the assessed Condominium;

(3) The name of the record owner; (4) The name and address of the Association as claimant; and

(5) The name and address of the trustee authorized by the Association to

enforce the lien by nonjudicial sale.

VI-6 Order: SCTT Description: 1992.2361193 Page 42 of 76 Comment:

(e) (0) (g)

--- Page 84 --- A copy of the Notice of Claim of Delinquent Assessment must be sent by

certified or registered prepaid United States mail, addressed to the Owner

or his designated agent previously given in writing to the Association at

the Condominium (or an address that the Owner has previously given in

writing to the Association which address must be within the United States)

.

Upon an Owner's timely payment of a default and all related fees, Association

officers may prepare and record (at the Owner's cost) a release of the Notice

of Delinquent Assessment .

No transfer of an Owner's interest in a Condominium as a result of a

foreclosure or exercise of a power of sale shall relieve the new Owner whether It be the former beneficiary o Page 87 f the first mortgage or another person, from

liability for any assessment thereafter becoming due or from the lien

thereof.

--- Page 85 --- 6.10 Nonuse and Abandonment.

6.11 An Owner does not waive or otherwise escape liability for Assessments by

nonuse of the Common Area (s) or abandonment of a Unit.

Waiver of Exemptions.

With respect to Assessment liens, each Owner waives (to the extent permitted

by law) the benefit of any California homestead or exemption laws in effect

when any Assessment or installment becomes delinquent or a lien

is imposed.

471 92 2361193 VI-7 Order: SCTT Description: 1992.2361193 Page 43 of 76 Comment:

92 2361193 ARTICLE VII ARCHITECTURAL CONTROL 7.01 Approval by the Committee.

(a) (b) (c) An Architectural Committee composed of three Members for the control of

structural, and landscaping architecture

, and design within the Property is hereby established as set forth below.

(I) (2) (3) The Declarant shall appoint all of the original members of the

--- Page 86 --- Architectural Committee and all replacements until the first anniversary of the issuance of the original public report

for the Project. The Declarant reserves to himself the power to appoint a majority of the members of the Committee until 90% of all the Condominiums in the Project have been sold or until the fifth

anniversary of the original issuance of the final public report for the Project, whichever first occurs.

After one year from the date of issuance of the original public report

for the Project, the Board shall have the

power to appoint one member to the Architectural Committee until 90% of all of the Condominiums in the Project have been sol Page 88 d or until the fifth anniversary date of the original issuance of the final public report for the Project, whichever first occurs. Thereafter, the Board shall have the power to appoint all of the

--- Page 87 --- members of the Architectural Committee.

Members appointed to the Architectural Committee by the Board shall

be from the membership of the Association and may be members of the Board.

Any exterior alteration or improvement or change to the exterior of a Unit

anywhere on the Property (and any Common Area) or any interior alteration or improvement affecting the structure must first be approved in writing by

the Architectural Committee.

Complete plans and specifications must be submitted in writing showing plot

layout, materials, sizes, color, design and landscaping, and with the signature of the Owner.

7.02 Certain Procedures for the Committee.

(a) The Committee shall meet from time to time as necessary.

VII-1 Order: SCTT Description: 1992.2361193 Page 44 of 76 Comment:

44 92 2361193 (b) (D) (c) (d) 7.03 7.04

--- Page 88 --- If any Member is unable (or unwilling) to serve on the Committee, the

remaining Member(s) will have authority to approve or reject any proposed construction or alteration , If the Committee fails to rule on a proposal within thirty (30) days after

complete plans and specifications have been submitted as outlined below , the plans will be considered automatically approved.

Complete plans and specifications must be either:

(1) (2) Personally delivered to a Committee Member; or

Malled postage prepaid, certified mail, return receipt requested to the

Committee at its current address.

Enforcement by Owners, If the As Page 89 sociation fails to take corrective action within a reasonable period of

time after knowledge of a violation , an Owner may take legal action to enforce

these provisions.

No Waiver.

Committee approval of a proposal does not limit the Committee's right to

withhold approval for similar proposals.

7.05 No Liability.

--- Page 89 --- The Association, and Board (including officers, directors, employees, agents and

Members) are not liable in any way for loss, damage or injury connected with

the Committee's duties, unless there is evidence of willful misconduct or bad

faith (in which case only the guilty person(s) are liable).

7.06 Review Standards.

The Committee must approve or reject plans and specifications submitted for

proposed construction or alteration based on:

(a) (1) Aesthetic aspects of design, placement, landscaping, color, finish,

materials, and harmony with existing structures; and 45 (2) Overall benefit or detriment to the Property and the area immediately

surrounding the Unit involved.

VII-2 Order: SCTT Description: 1992.2361193 Page 45 of 76 Comment:

(b) (c) The Committee is not responsible for approval of plans from the standpoint of

structural safety or conformance with building codes.

Committee approval of solar heating units may not be withheld unreasonably,

7.07 Rules and Regulations.

The Committee may adopt, amend and repeal reasonable Rules and

Regulations to implement the provisions hereof.

--- Page 90 --- 7.08 Compensation of Members.

Committee Members may not receive compensation for services rendered.

(other than reimbursement for reasonable expenses incurred in carrying

on the business of the Association unless approved b Page 90 y a vote or written assent of a majority of the Association members ), unless approved by a majority vote of

Association Members.

7.09 Appeal.

(a) (b) After the Declarant has lost the right to appoint a majority of Members of the

Committee, all decisions of the Committee are subject to review by the Board.

Unless the composition of the Membership of the Committee is identical to the

Board, the Board must review and decide upon the proposal within forty-five

(45) days after the decision by the Committee.

92 2361193 VII-3 Order: SCTT Description: 1992.2361193 Page 46 of 76 Comment:

46 92 2361193

--- Page 91 --- 8.01 ARTICLE VIII MORTGAGEE PROTECTION Subordination of Lien and Foreclosure.

Any lien created or claimed in this Declaration:

(a) (1) (b) (2) Is subject and subordinate to the rights of any first Mortgage that

encumbers any part of the Property made for value in

good faith; and May not in any way Impair or invalidate the obligation or priority of a

first Mortgage unless expressly subordinated

in writing by the Mortgagee .

Foreclosure of any Assessment lien created by any provision of this Declaration

shall not operate to impair any lien encumbered

by a first Mortgage made for value in good faith.

Upon foreclosure of a first Mortgage, the acquirer of title:

(c) (1) (2) (3) Will take the Condominium title free of any Assessment ilen accrued up

to the time of the foreclosure sale (provided that nothing

herein is intended to impair the rights of the Association to receive payment on

any Assessment lien in the event the net sale

proceeds are in excess of what is owed on all encumbrances prior to the Assessment

lien);

--- Page 92 --- Is only Page 101 obligated to pay Assessments or other Association charges

accruing after the Unit title is acquired; and

Where the Mortgagee obtains title with a deed in lieu of foreclosure,

any Assessment lien will not be extinguished.

8.02 Mortgagees Are Not Regulred to Cure Certain Breaches.

A first Mortgagee who acquires title by foreclosure or by a deed in lieu of

foreclosure or assignment in lieu of foreclosure

shall not be obligated to cure an existing breach of this Declaration that is

non-curable or of a type that is not practical or feasible to cure.

8.03 Effect of Breach of Declaration.

(a) Breach of this Declaration may not:

(1) Cause any forfeiture or reversion of title; or

(2) Bestow any right of reentry.

VIII-1 Order: SCTT Description: 1992.2361193 Page 47 of 76 Comment:

47 I (b) 8.04 (a) (b) Breach of this Declaration may be enjoined or abated by court action by the

--- Page 93 --- Association, Declarant, or any Unit Owner, and damages may also be awarded provided that:

(1) The violation does not impair or invalidate the Mortgage lien or deed of

trust made for value in good faith ; and (2) This Declaration binds any Owner whose title is derived through

foreclosure, trustee's sale or otherwise

.

Exemption From Right of First Refusal.

No right of first refusal or similar restriction may be placed on an Owner's

right to sell, transfer, or otherwise convey

a Unit, unless a Mortgagee of the Property grants written consent to the Association.

Any right of first refusal or option to purchase a Unit that may be granted to

the Association (or other party) may not

impair the rights of a first Mortgagee to do any of the following:

Foreclose Page 102 or take title to a Unit, pursuant to the remedies provided in

the Mortgage; (1) (2) (3) Sell or lease a Unit acquired by the Mortgagee.

Accept a deed (or assignment) in lieu of foreclosure in the event of

default under the Mortgage; or

--- Page 94 --- 92 2361193 8.05 (a) (b) Restrictions on Certain Changes.

Eligible First Mortgagees are holders of First Mortgages who have requested

the Association to notify them of specified proposals and changes to the

Governing Documents.

At least sixty-seven (67%) percent of Owners and at least fifty-one percent

(51%) of the votes of Eligible First Mortgagees must give written approval before the Association may, by act or omission, do any of the following:

Abandon, partition, subdivide, encumber, sell or transfer any portion of a

Common Area (other than granting easements as specified in this Declaration); Alter the method of determining Assessments or other charges levied against

an Owner; VIII-2 Order: SCTT Description: 1992.2361193 Page 48 of 76 Comment:

4% 92 2361193 Seek to abandon or terminate the Condominium Property, (except as provided

by statute in case of substantial loss to the

Units or Common Areas); (c) Partition or subdivide any Condominium; (d) (e) (1)

--- Page 95 --- Use hazard insurance proceeds for losses to the Property (Unit or Common

Area) for other than repair, replacement

or reconstruction of the relevant Property (except as provided by statute in case of substantial loss to the

Units or Common Areas); Change, waive or abandon any regulations or enforcement pertaining to the

architectural design, the exterior appearance or the maintenance of the Units

or the Common Area(s).

Fail to Page 103 maintain Fire and Extended Coverage on insurable Common Arca(s) as

specified in this Declaration.

Amend any provision of the Governing Documents concerning:

Rights to use the Common Area(s), and reallocation of interests in the

Common Area (including Exclusive Use Common Areas); Reserves and responsibility for maintenance, repair and replacement of

the Common Property; (g) (h) (1) Voting rights; (2) (3) (4) Unit boundaries; (5) (6)

--- Page 96 --- (7) (8) (9) Owners' interests in the Common Area; Convertibility of Common Area into Units or Units into Common Area;

Unit leasing; Establishment of self-management by the Association where professional

management has been required by any beneficiary, insurer or guarantor of a first Mortgage; Annexation or deannexation of real property;

(10) Assessments, Assessment liens, or the subordination of such liens;

(11) Casualty and liability insurance (or other insurance or fidelity bonds);

(12) Imposition of a right of first refusal or similar restriction of an Owner's

right to sell, transfer or otherwise convey the Unit; VIII-3 Order: SCTT Description: 1992.2361193 Page 49 of 76 Comment:

49 92 2361193 (i) (13) Restoration or repair of the Property after hazard damage or partial

condemnation; (14) Action to terminate the legal status of the Property after substantial

destruction or condemnation ; and (15) Any provisions that are for the express benefit of first Mortgagees,

insurers or governmental guarantors of first Mortgages.

Change, waive or abandon the provisions of this Declaration (and their

enforcement) pertaining to architectural

design and control of the exterior appearance of structure

--- Page 97 --- Page 104 s, maintenance of the Common Area(s), walks, fences, driveways, lawns and plantings on the Property.

When Unit Owners are considering termination of the legal status of the

Project for reasons other than substantial destruction or condemnation of

the Property, written approval of approximately

67% of Eligible First Mortgageer must be given.

If an amendment or change is not considered material, an Eligible First

Mortgagee's approval will be considered granted if a negative response is not delivered to the Board within thirty ( 30) days after it receives notice of the

proposed amendment, provided notice was delivered personally or by certified

or registered mail, return receipt requested.

8.06 Inspection of Association Books and Records.

Any first Mortgage holder has the right to examine the books and records of

the Association.

8.07 Condemnation Awards and Insurance Proceeds.

(a) (b) First Mortgagees have priority over any other party (including the Owner)

pursuant to their Mortgage in a

--- Page 98 --- case of a distribution to Owners of insurance proceeds or condemnation awards for losses to or taking of Units or Common

Areas. Any provision to the contrary in this Declaration, the Bylaws, or other

Governing Documents is to such extent void.

All applicable fire, physical loss or extended coverage insurance policy must

contain loss payable clauses acceptable to the affected first Mortgagee, naming them Mortgagees as their interests may appear.

VIII-4 Order: SCTT Description: 1992.2361193 Page 50 of 76 Comment:

SO 8.08 Mortgagee's Right to Attend Meetings.

Any Mortgagee may appear at Association and Board meetings, but is

Page 105 not eligible to vote.

8.09 Payments by Mortgagees.

51 Taxes or other charges in default which may be a charge against any

part of the Common Area(s); and (a) First Mortgagees may pay the following jointly or severally:

(1)

--- Page 99 --- (2) Overdue premiums on hazard insurance policies, or to secure new

hazard insurance coverage on the lance of a

soling for the Comm nud{■}.

Upon making such payments, the Association:

(b) (1) (2) Owes immediate reimbursement to first Mortgagees making such

payments; and Must, upon Mortgagee's request, execute an agreement that reflects the

first Mortgagees' entitlement to such reimbursement.

8.10 Loss Payable Endorsement.

All applicable fire, physical loss or extended coverage Insurance policies must

contain loss payable clauses naming the Mortgagees who encumber the Condominiums.

92 2361193 The holder, insurer or guarantor of the mortgage on any Unit is entitled to

timely written notice of:

8.11 Notices to Mortgagees.

(a) (1) = (2) (3) Any condemnation or casualty loss that affects a material portion of the

Project or the Unit securing its morigage;

Any sixty-day delinquency in the payment of Assessments or charges

owed by the Owner of any Unit on which it holds the mortgage; A lapse, cancellation, or material modification of any insurance policy or

--- Page 100 --- fidelity bond maintained by the Association

; and VIII.S Order: SCTT Description: 1992.2361193 Page 51 of 76 Comment:

} 52 (b) (4) Any proposed action that requires the consent of a specified percentage

of Eligible First Mortgage Holders, To obtain the information above, the mortgage holder, insurer or guarantor

must send a written request to the Associ

Page 106 ation, stating both its name and address and the unit number or address of the unit it has the mortgage on.

8.12 Governmental Financing Programs.

(a) (b) (c) (a) It is the intent of Declarant that the Governing Documents and the Project in

general, shall now and in the future meet all requirements necessary to

purchase, guarantee, insure, or subsidize any Mortgage of a Condominium in

the Project by the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation, and Federal

National Mortgage Association or FHA/VA (if the Bedient in infor

approval of these agencies). The Association and each Owner shall promptly

take any action and/or shall adopt any resolutions required by Declarant or

any Mortgages to conform this Declaration or the Project to the requirements

--- Page 101 --- of any of these entities or agencies. Each Owner of a Condominium in the

Project, by accepting a deed to a Condominium, shall be deemed to have

constituted and irrevocably appointed Declarant as his Attorney-in-Fact, for

himself and each of his Mortgagees, heirs, legal representatives, successors and

assigns, whether voluntary or involuntary, and thereby to have conveyed a

Power of Attorney coupled with an interest to Declarant as his Attorney-in-

Fact for the purpose of amending the Governing Documents to conform with

any new requirements. This Power of Attorney shall expire two years after the

recording of this Declaration.

These steps include the requirement that, when available, the Association must

maintain certain types of insurance coverage issued by carriers who meet the

requirements of the relevant governmental financing program.

Hazard insurance policies required by this Sect

Page 107 ion must contain (or attach) the standard Mortgagee clause commonly accepted by private institutional Mortgage

investors for similar properties in the locale (except when a separate policy

covering the Common Area(s) is maintained).

If there are any such loans, the Association will give written notice to FHLMC

(or its designated representative) of the following:

(1) (2) Any loss to the Common Area in excess of Ten Thousand Dollars

($10,000.00); or Damage to a Condominium covered by a first Mortgage purchased (in

whole or in part) by the FHLMC in excess of One Thousand Dollars

($1,000.00).

92 2361193 VIII-6 Order: SCTT

--- Page 102 --- Description: 1992.2361193 Page 52 of 76 Comment:

i 9.01 ARTICLE IX DESTRUCTION OF IMPROVEMENTS Restoration of the Property.

In case of destruction, the Association will repair and restore to its former

condition any area for which it has responsibility.

53 (a) (b) Insurance proceeds for reconstruction or repair may only be used for those

purposes (unless otherwise stated in this Declaration).

(c) The Board is authorized to prepare any necessary documents to hegin

reconstruction as promptly as practical.

92 2361193 (d) (e) (f) (g) The Property must be restored in substantial accordance with the Condominium

Plan and original consiuciion pians, uniess changes recommended by the Board

have been approved in writing by seventy

-five percent (75%) of the Owners and the same percentage of first Mortgagees

.

If insurance proceeds cover at least eighty-five percent (85%) of restoration

costs, the Association will cause to be repaired the damage and levy a

--- Page 103 --- Reconstruction Assessment against Owners to raise funds fo Page 108 r the rebuilding or major repair of the structural Common Area

housing units of the Project which shall be levied upon the basis of the ratio

of the square footage of the floor area of the Unit to be assessed to the total square footage of floor area of all Units to be assessed.

If insurance proceeds cover less than eighty-five percent (85%) of restoration

costs, then the vote (or written assent)

of seventy-five percent (75%) of the Owners and first Mortgagees must approve a Reconstruction Assessment levied by the Board in order to proceed with restoration.

If the Owners and Mortgagees determine that restoration costs would be

substantial and not in their best interests

, the Owners may proceed as provided below.

9.02 Sale of Property and Right to Partition.

(a) If insurance proceeds cover less than eighty-five percent (85%) of restoration

costs, a certificate of the resolution authorizing reconstruction must be recorded

--- Page 104 --- within six (6) months from the date of destruction, or it will be conclusively presumed that the Owners have determined not to rebuild.

IX.1 Order: SCTT Description: 1992.2361193 Page 53 of 76 Comment:

(b) An Owner may not partition his or her interest in the Condominium, and there

may be no judicial partition of the Property,

except:

54 (c) (d) (1) If a certificate of a resolution to rebuild has not been recorded within

six (6) months of the destruction; or (2) If restoration has not begun within six (6) months and the vote (or

written consent) of sixty-seven percent (67%)

of the Condominium Owners is given, then conditions for partition as set forth in Subdivision (4) of California Civi Page 109 l Code Section 1359(b) will be deemed satisfied.

In case of partition, the Association (acting through a Board majority) must

--- Page 105 --- promptly record a certificate that states

:

(1) (2) That a Board majority has irrevocable power of attorney to sell the

Property for the Owners' benefit (except

the VA) ant for whatever documents are necessary for the Association

to sell the Property for the best price, either in its damaged condition

, or after damaged structures have been razed; and That the certificate is conclusive evidence of authority for any person

relying upon it in good faith.

Net proceeds from sale, condemnation award (affecting all or a part of the

Structural Common Area which is not apportioned among Owners by court judgment or by agreement between condemning

authorities and each of the Owners) and/or Association Insurance must be divided proportionately among the Owners according to an appraised fair market value of the Condominiums (as of a date immediately prior to destruction

or condemnation), computed by dividing the value of each Condominium by the total value of all Condominiums. Appraiser(s) hired by the Board

for this purpose will be paid as an Association Common Expense.

The balance due on any valid encumbrance of record will be paid in order of

priority before the distribution of any proceeds to the relevant Owner.

--- Page 106 --- 92 2361193 (e) (f) Except as provided above, each Owner (and successors) agree:

(1) To waive all rights, interests and causes of action for judicial partition of

tenancy in common ownership; and (2) To take no judicial action for partition.

IX-2 Order: SCTT Description: 1992.2361193 Pa Page 110 ge 54 of 76 Comment:

9.03 Interior Damage.

9.04 Restoration and repair of any interior damage to a Unit is the individual

expense of the relevant Owner, except for any casualty or damage insured

against by the Association.

Notice to Owners and Listed Mortgagees.

Immediately upon learning of any material damage or destruction to the

Common Property or any Unit, the Board must notify all Owners, and Beneficiary,

insurer or guarantor of any relevant Mortgage who have filed a written request for

Board notice (see "Mortgagee Protection" "Article).

55 92 2361193 1X-3 Order: SCTT Description: 1992.2361193

--- Page 107 --- Page 55 of 76 Comment:

56 ARTICLE X EMINENT DOMAIN 10.01 Representation by the Board in Condemnation Proceedings.

(a) (b) In case any Condominium is taken by condemnation or sale by eminent

domain:

The Board will be the sole representative of all Members in any action to

recover awards and all aspects of condemnation

proceedings (subject to Mortgagees who have requested to join the Board

in the proceedings); and Members may not challenge the Board's good faith in fulfilling these duties.

10.0ž jstribution of Award.

(a) (b) (c) (d) (e) In case of condemnation or sale by eminent domain, the Board must distribute

any award according to these provisions (after

deducting fees and expenses related to the condemnation proceedings).

Any award must first be applied toward payment of any balance due on any

Mortgages of record, in order of priority.

If condemnation judgment apportions the award among the Owners and

Mortgagees, the Board will distribute the

remaining amount (after deductions above) according to the terms of the judgm

--- Page 108 --- Page 121 ent allocation.

If by sale under threat of condemnation (or if the judgment of condemnation

fails to apportion the award), the Board will

distribute the award based upon relative values of the affected Condominiums as

determined by an independent M.A.I. appraiser(s) hired by the Board.

The determination of the appraiser(s) of each Condominium's value and degree

of affect by the proceedings will be final and

binding on all Owners and Mortgagees.

92 2361193 (f) An Owner does not have priority over a Mortgagee for the condemnation

award allocated to the Condominium.

(g) An award may not be distributed to an Owner or Mortgagee in excess of the

allocated amount.

X-1 Order: SCTT Description: 1992.2361193 Page 56 of 76 Comment:

11 57 10.03 Inverse Condemnation.

The Board may bring an inverse condemnation action, in which case these

provisions apply with equal force.

10.04 Revival of the Right to Partition.

--- Page 109 --- (a) (b) If condemnation or sale by eminent domain renders more than twenty percent

(20%) of the Units incapable of substantial restoration to prior condition (of at

least ninety-five percent (95%) of the floor area):

(1) (2) The Board must call an Owners' meeting within sixty (60) days by

mailing notice to each Owner at the address in the Association records;

and The Owners may permit sale and partition of the entire Property (by a

sixty-seven percent (67%) vote or written consent of the Owners

, based on one (1) vote per Unit), in which case an Owner's right to partition

through legal action is revived.

The Board will determine whether Condominiums partially taken are capable

of being restored, and their decision is fina

Page 122 l and binding.

10.05 Awards for Members' Personal Property

(a) and Relocation Allowances.

In case of condemnation or sale by eminent domain, each Owner has exclusive

right to claim:

92 2361193 ■ (b) (1) All of the award made for the Member's personal Property: and

--- Page 110 --- Relocation and moving expenses.

(2) The Board shall represent each Member in an action to recover awards

regarding the Members' personal property, and must allocate the proportional

amount of any award attributable to the appropriate portion of each Members'

personal property.

10.06 Notice to Members.

As soon as the Board learns of any potential condemnation or sale by eminent

domain, it must notify all Members and First Mortgagees who have filed a

written request for notice (see "Mortgagee Protection" Article).

X-2 Order: SCTT Description: 1992.2361193 Page 57 of 76 Comment:

!

Eg 10.07 Change of Condominium Interest.

(a) (b) In case of condemnation or sale by eminent domain, the Board may amend the

Condominium Plan to reflect changes (subject to this Declaration

).

If the Board records such an amendment, all relevant Owners and security

interest holders must:

(1) Execute and acknowledge the amendment in compliance with California

Civil Code Section 1351 (or any similar statute in effect

); and (2) (c) Execute other documents and take other actions required to make the

amendment effective.

The Board must send a notice of Condominium Plan change to each Owner

--- Page 111 --- and Mortgagee within ten (10) days after the amendment

is filed in the relevant County Recorder's Office.

92 2361193 X-3 Order: SCTT Description: 1992.2361193 Page 58 of 76 Comment:

59 ARTICLE XI COVENANT Page 123 AGAINST PARTITION AND RESTRICTION ON SEVERABILITY OF CONDOMINIUM COMPONENT INTEREST

11.01 No Partition; Exceptions; Power of Attorney.

(a) (b) (c) (d) The right of partition is hereby suspended (except that the right to partition

revives and the Property may be sold as a whole when

the provisions of this Declaration concerning Destruction and Eminent Domain

are met).

Upon prior written approval of the First Mortgagee, an Owner may bring an

action for partition by sale as provided in California Civil

Code Section 1359 (or any similar statute in effect at the time).

These provisions do not prevent a judicial partition between co-tenants of a

Unit.

--- Page 112 --- The Association (through its Board) has irrevocable power of attorney (coupled

with an interest) for the following circumstances:

(1) To sell the Property for the benefit of Owners and Mortgagees when

partition takes place under California Civil Code

Section 1359; (2) (3) To the maximum legal extent regarding Destruction or Eminent Domain;

and Only after a certificate executed by a majority of Board Members is

recorded which states that power of attorney is duly

exercisable under the circumstances.

11.02 Proceeds of Partition Sale.

(a) (b) ■ Whenever an action is brought for partition by sale, the Owners will share the

proceeds in the same proportion as the relative values of

each Condominium, determined by comparing its fair market value

on partition date (established by an M.A.I. Appraiser selected by the Association) to the

total essessed value of all Units in the Property on that date.

Distribution of partition sale proceeds must be adjusted to reflect prior

condemna Page 124

--- Page 113 --- tion awards or Insurance proceeds paid to Owners

and Mortgagees.

92 2361193 XI-1 Order: SCTT Description: 1992.2361193 Page 59 of 76 Comment:

(c) (d) In case of partition and sale, provisions of all Mortgages and Assessment liens

extend to each Owner's interest in the resultant proceeds.

An Owner's interest may only be distributed upon prior payment of any

Mortgage or Assessment encumbering the proceeds.

11.03 No Separate Conveyance of Condominium Components.

(a) An Owner may not sever, sell, convey or encumber a Unit's component

interests (such as the Common Areas appurtenant

to the Unit).

(b) The provisions of this Section terminate when a partition is decreed (either

judicial or in accordance with this Article)

.

92 2361193 60 XI-2 } Order: SCTT Description: 1992.2361193 Page 60 of 76 Comment:

92 2361193 ARTICLE XII

--- Page 114 --- EASEMENTS 61 12.01 Certain Rights and Easements Reserved to Declarant.

(a) (b) .■ (c) This Declaration may not be amended to modify or eliminate easements or

rights reserved to Declarant without prior written approval of Declarant.

Any casement reserved to Declarant in this Article is nonexclusive, unless

otherwise specified.

Declarant reserves the right to grant and transfer casements for:

(1) Installation and maintenance of "Systems" (e.g., drainage facilities, sewer,

water, electricity, gas, telephone, cable television other utility lines and

facilities, and heating and air conditioning systems); 'and

Any such easement may not interfere with an Owner's use and enjoyment of

the Units and Common Area(s).

(2) Public services of the city.

(d) (e) As long as any Unit remains unsold, and for no longer than

Page 125 five (5) years from the date the original DRE public report is issued, the Declarant and its

representatives reserve easements and rights for the following purposes without

the need to seek or obtain Board or Architectural Committee approval

:

To complete excavation, alteration, grading and construction of

improvements;

--- Page 115 --- To construct, alter or make additional improvements Declarant deems

advisable in the course of Property development;

(1) (2) (3) To use any Unit as an office for construction, decoration, real estate

sales and leasing; and (4) To make reasonable use of any Common Areas for ingress, egress,

development, sales and construction purposes.

XII-1 Order: SCTT Description: 1992.2361193 Page 61 of 76 Comment:

62 12.02 Certain Easements for Owners.

(a) (b) (c) (d) (e) Owners served by Systems connections have easement rights to the full extent

necessary for use, repairs, and maintenance as needed (including to enter upon

other Units, provided that the responsible Owner or utility company promptly

repairs any Unit damage caused by such entry as promptly as possible).

Ensement access to other Units is subject to Association approval (which may

not be unreasonably withheld) according to reasonable conditions imposed by

the Association.

Declarant grants nonexclusive easements for ingress, egress, pedestrian walkway

and general recreation purposes over and upon the Common Area (except

Pxclusive Use Common Areas) to all Owners, subject to Governing Documents

and Declarant rights in this Declaration.

Declarant reserves the right to grant and transfer easements over those portions

of the Common Area(s) (the servient toneme

--- Page 116 --- Page 126 nt) depicted on the Condominium Plan as an "Exclusive Usc Common Area".

Declarant reserves the right to grant and transfer drainage easements over the

Common Area (from the drainage line initially constructed by Declarant),

92 2361193 12.03 Certain Easements for Association.

Declarant grants to the Association nonexclusive easements permitting the

Association to discharge its obligations as described in this Declaration.

12.04 Encroachment.

(a) Declarant, the Association and Owners of contiguous Units have a reciprocal

easement appurtenant to each of the Units and Common Areas for the

following purposes:

Accommodating any existing encroachment of a wall or structure; and

(b) Maintaining any structure and accommodating authorized construction,

reconstruction, repair, shifting, movement or natural settling.

XII-2 Order: SCTT Description: 1992.2361193 Page 62 of 76 Comment:

*17 63 12.05 Creation of Easements.

(a) (b) Easements referred to herein are established upon the sale of the first Unit in

the Project, and the provisions hereof with respect to such

easements shall be covenants running with the land for the use and benefit

--- Page 117 --- of Units and Property superior to all other encumbrances.

Individual grant deeds to Units shall state that the grant is made subject to the

provisions of this Declaration, and may set forth reference to

these easements, but are not required to do so.

92 2361193 XII-3 Order: SCTT Description: 1992.2361193 Page 63 of 76 Comment:

■ 14 13.01 Owner's Rights and Dutles.

(a) (b) (c) (d) ARTICLE XIII UTILITIES Owner rights and duties regarding "Systems" (e.g., drainage facilities, sewer,

water, electricity Page 127 , gas, telephone, cable television other utility lines and facilities, and heating and air conditioning systems)

are:

Easement for Systems that lie on Units or Common Area(s) is granted to the

--- Page 118 --- full extent necessary for utility companies and the

Association to install, maintain and repair the Systems; If a utility System serves more than one Unit, each Owner served is entitled to

reasonable use and enjoyment of all necessary portions

of the System; Systems easements may not interfere with an Owner's use and enjoyment of

any of the buildings originally constructed on

the Property; and Reserved by Declarant (successors and assigns, including the Association) to

grant and transfer, provided that the easements do not

unreasonably interfere with the Owners' use and enjoyment of the

Units and Common Areas.

13.02 Association's Duties.

92 2361193 The Association must:

(a) Maintain all utility installations located in the Common Areas, except for those

maintained by public, private or municipal utility

companies; and (b) Pay all charges (as a Common Expense) for utilities supplied to the Property,

except those metered or charged separately to the

Units.

XIII-I Order: SCTT Description: 1992.2361193 Page 64 of 76 Comment:

92 2361193 ARTICLE XIV SPECIAL PROVISIONS RELATING TO ENFORCEMENT OF

DECLARANT'S OBLIGATION TO COMPLETE COMMON AREA

IMPROVEMENTS ■■■■

--- Page 119 --- 14.01 Special Provisions Relating to Enforcement of Declarant's

Obligation to Complete Common Area Improvements.

(a) (b) (c) (d) (e) The Board must consider and vote on Association action to enfores hand

Goligations regarding any Common Area improvement if the following fact

Page 128 ors apply:

(1) (2) (3) Declarant has not completed Common Area improvements before the

first Unit closes escrow; The Association is the obligee under a bond or other arrangement

securing completion; and A Notice of Completion has not been filed within sixty (60) days of the

completion date specified in the planned construction statement

appended to the bond.

The Association may grant a written extension for a Common Area completion,

If a notice of completion has not been filed within thirty (30) days after the

extension expires, the Board will meet and vote on enforcement options

.

Association Members may submit a petition signed by at least five percent

(5%) of Association voting power calling for a Special Meeting to be

held between thirty-five (35) and forty-five (45) days after the

Board receives

--- Page 120 --- the petition.

At the Special Meeting, a majority vote of Association Members (other than

Declarant) overrides the Board's decision and

causes the Board to enforce bond obligations through appropriate action in the name of the Association.

XIV-1 Order: SCTT Description: 1992.2361193 Page 65 of 76 Comment:

92 2361193 ARTICLE XV AMENDMENT 66 15.01 Amendment.

(a) (b) (c) (d) (e) (f) Before the first Unit is sold, Declarant may unilaterally amend this Declaration

(subject to the Article entitled "Mortgagee Protection"

) by recording an instrument of amendment in the relevant County Recorder's Office.

After the first Unit is sold, this Declaration may only be amended in the

following ways (and subject to the Article entitled

"Mortgagee Protection "):

If there is only one Membership Class:

(1) (2) (A)

--- Page 121 --- (B) A signed, written ins Page 129 trument from sixty-seven percent (67%) of

Association Members (other than Deciurant); or

A signed, written instrument by two Association officers certifying

that the relevant amendment has been approved by at

least sixty-seven percent (67%) of Association Members

(other than Declarant).

If Class B Membership exists:

(A) (B) A signed, written instrument from sixty-seven percent (67%) of

the voting power of each class of membership; or

A signed, written instrument by two Association officers certifying

that the amendment has been approved by at least

sixty-seven percent (67%) of each class of membership,

Any amendment must be properly recorded in the relevant County Recorder's

Office.

The percentage of Association Members needed to amend this Declaration may

not be less than the percentage of affirmative

votes prescribed for action to be taken under the relevant provision.

An Owner or the Association may petition the Superior Court for an order

reducing the percentage of affirmative votes needed to amend this Declaration (pursuant to Civil Code Section 1356, or any

--- Page 122 --- successor statutes), Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Article, for as long as Class B

membership exists, any amendment to this Declaration requires prior approval

by the Department of Veterans Affairs. (A

draft of the amendment must be submitted to the VA for its approval prior to

recordation.) XV-1 Order: SCTT Description: 1992.2361193 Page 66 of 76 Comment:

(g) Without the prior written consent of the City of Alhambra, the Association

shall not amend this Declaration in such a manner which would delete, reduce

or affect the rights, pri Page 130 vileges and status of the City of Alhambra, as contained

in this Article or elsewhere in the Declaration.

92 2361193 1 XV-2 A Order: SCTT Description: 1992.2361193 Page 67 of 76 Comment:

92 2361193 ARTICLE XVI MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS

--- Page 123 --- 16.01 No Rights Given to Public, This Declaration does not grant any portion of the Property to the general

public or for any public use whatsoever.

16.02 Enforcement.

(a) (b) An Owner or the Association may enforce by legal action all restrictions,

conditions, covenants, reservations, liens, Assessments, fees and

penalties imposed by this Declaration for violations committed by any offending party.

Failure to take action does not constitute a waiver of the right to take action.

16.03 Termination of any Responalbility of Declarant.

(a) (b) If Declarant conveys fee title to all of the Property to any entity or

individual(s), then:" Declarant will be relieved of the performance of any further duty or obligation

in this Declaration; and Such entity or individual(s) will be obligated to perform all such duties and

obligations of Declarant.

The rights and duties of Declarant hereunder may be assigned in whole or in

part by Declarant to any successor in interest by a written assignment

, after which Declarant shall not be responsible for any acts or omissions

of its successor in interest.

16.04 Term of Declaration.

(a) (b) This Declaration is binding upon all parts for sixty (60) years after the

recording date.

After sixty (60) years, the Declaration will automatically be extended for

successive ten (10) year periods, unless the Owners (heirs,

successors, representatives) of a majority of subje

--- Page 124 --- Page 141 ct Units record a signed, written instrument:

XVI-1 Order: SCTT Description: 1992.2361193 Page 68 of 76 Comment:

68 } 19 (1) and At least one (1) year before the beginning of any ten (10) year period;

(2) Agreeing to change or terminate this Declaration.

16.05 Notices.

(a) Any required notice must be given by:

(1) Personal delivery; or (2) Mailing by first-class, or registered, or certified pre-paid U.S. mail

(deemed given upon deposit in the mail); or

(3) Other means of written communication (deemed given upon delivery of

common carrier for transmission).

92 2361193 16,06 Partial Invalidity.

If any of this Declaration is declared invalid or in conflict with any relevant

--- Page 125 --- law, the validity of the remainder of this Declaration will remain in full force

and effect.

16.07 Numbar.

As required by the context of this Declaration, a singular grammatical reference

includes the plural application.

16.08 Attorneys' Fees.

In any legal action by an Owner(s) or the Association to enforce any provision

of the Governing Documents, the prevailing party shall be awarded reasonable

costs (including attorney's fees).

16.09 City of Alhambra Conditions.

(a) Right of Entry. The City of Alhambra, California, shall have the right, but not

the duty, to enter upon the development for purposes of inspecting same and

correcting or abating any public nuisance or violation of the Health and Safety

Code or the State of California or the Alhambra Municipal Code.

XVI-2 Order: SCTT Description: 1992.2361193 Page 69 of 76 Comment:

70 (b) (c) (d) Compliance with City Ordinances. The development shall be maintained in

compliance with, and the Association and

Page 142 each owner occupant of a Unit within the development shall comply with all

--- Page 126 --- applicable ordinances of the City of Alhambra, California.

Conflict of City Conditions with Other Provisions of the Declaration or Other

Governing Instruments. To the extent any City of

Alhambra provisions conflict with the provisions of this Declaration or other

instruments governing the development, the provisions of the City of

Alhambra shall control.

Consent to Declaration. The trustees or beneficiaries of all deeds of trust or

other encumbrances on the tract shall consent to and

subordinate their interests to this Declaration. Said consent shall be in writing, attached

to the Declaration and recorded with it.

92 2361193 XVI-3 Order: SCTT Description: 1992.2361193 Page 70 of 76 Comment:

1 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned, being the Declarant, has executed

this Declaration for Tract No. 49546 on the day and year first written above.

"Declarant" 92 2361193 FUDGE/VAN SCHAICK CORPORATION, a California corporation X Mark R. Judge By: MARK R FUDGE its: President By: DAVID VAN SCHAICK

--- Page 127 --- its: Vice-President STATE OF CALIFORNIA 71 COUNTY OF LOS ANGELES $5.

19 before me, the undersigned, a On June 25, 1992 Notary Public in and for said State, personally appeared Mark R. Fudge and

David Van Schaick_* * * * * * personally known to me (or proved to me on the basis of satisfactory evidence) to be

the person(s) whose name(s) is/are subscribed to the within instrument and

acknowledged to me that he/she/they executed the same in his/her/their signature(s)

on the instrument the person(s) or the entity upon behalf of which the person(s)

acted, executed Page 143 the instrument.

WITNESS my hand and official seal.

(SEAL) OFFICIAL SEAL LYNN E. SEMAIN Notory Pubre-Colfomia LOS AND COUNTY My Comm Expires October 11, 1994

--- Page 128 --- Novi Public Order: SCTT Description: 1992.2361193 Page 71 of 76 Comment:

+ n SUBORDINATION BY LIENHOLDER FRANK J. NOVARRO as Trustee for the FRANK J. NOVARRO TRUST dated

7/16/84; ALLEN FOSTER VAN SCHAICK and ARDEN

FINOCCHIO VAN SCHAICK as Trustees for the VAN SCHAICK TRUST dated 11/9/76; JACK D.

FUDGE and ELINE M. FUDGE, as Individuals,

as Beneficiary under the following Deed(s) of Trust which cover(s) the real property described

in the Declaration of Covenants, Conditions, Restrictions and Easements for Tract No. 49546 10 which this instrument is attached, hereby approves and consents

to the recording of this Declaration of Covenants, Conditions, Restrictions and Easements, and agrees that the lien(s) of said Deed(s) of Trust shall be subordinated

to and subject to each and every provision of the Declaration and any future

amendments not affecting the beneficial interest.

Deed of Trust recorded on August 27, 1991 as Instrument No. 91-

1347295 of the Official Records of the Los Angeles

County Recorder.

--- Page 129 --- FRANK J. NOVARRO as Trustee for the FRANK J. NOVARRO TRUST dated 7/16/84 92 2361193 PRANK 1. NOVARRO, Trustee ALLEN FOSTER VAN SCHAICK and ARDEN FINOCCHIO VAN SCHAICK

as Trustees for the VAN SCHAJ■K TRUST dated 11/9/76

All He i ALLEN FOSTER VAN SCHAICK, Trustee * Facia Schick x ARDEN FINOCCHIO VAN SCHAICK, Trustee Jack H. Fudge In Jack D. FUDGE, an Indydual m.

NE M. FUDGE, an individual Order: SCTT Description: 1992.2361193 Page 72 of 76 Comment:

STATE O Page 144 F CALIFORNIA COUNTY OF Los Angeles } 55.

19 :

--- Page 130 --- 73 On June 25, 1992 before me, the undersigned, a Notary Public in and for said State, personally appeared Frank J. Novarro, Allen

Foster Van Schaick, Arden Finocchio Van Schaick

* 33 8 personally known to me (or proved to me on the basis of satisfactory evidence) to be

The person(s) whose name(s) is/are subscribed

to the within instrument and acknowledged to me that he/she/they executed the same in his/her/their signature(s)

on the instrument the person(s) or the entity upon

behalf of which the person(s) acted, executed the instrument.

WITNESS my hand and official seal.

(SEAL) OFFICIAL REAL LYNN E. SEMAN Notary Puble-Cotfornia LOS ANGELES COUNTY My Commission Expres October 11, 1994 "Notary Public" 92 2361193 STATE OF CALIFORNIA COUNTY Of ■■ June 25 } S5.

1997, before me, the undersigned, a Notary Public in and for said State, personally appeared Jack D. Gidge

and Eline M. Fudge personally known to me (or proved to me on the basis of satisfactory evidence) to be

--- Page 131 --- the person(s) whose name(s) is/are subscribed

to the within instrument and acknowledged to me that he/she/they executed the same in his/her/their signature(s) on the instrument the person(s) or the entity

upon behalf of which the person(s) acted, executed the instrument.

WITNESS my hand and official scal, (SEAL) OFFICIAL SEAL LAURA K. RULE NOTARY PUBLIC CAUFORNIA 109 ANGELES COUNTY My comm.

les SEP 24, 1993 Laur Kub Notary Public Order: SCTT Description: 1992.2361193 Page 73 of 76 Comment:

SUBORDINATION BY LIENHOLDER MARIE FINOCCHIO and ANTHONY FINOCCHIO as Trustees for the

FINOCCHIO TRUST dated 9/3/76; FRANK J.

Page 145 NOVARRO, as Trustee for he FRANK J. NOVARRO TRUST dated 7/16/84; ALLEN FOSTER VAN SCHAICK and ARDEN

FINOCCHIO VAN SCHAICK as Trustees for the VAN SCHAICK TRUST dated

11/9/76; JACK D. FUDGE and ELINE M. FUDGE, as individuals, as Beneficiary

under the following Deed(s) of Trust which cover(s) the real property described in the

--- Page 132 --- Declaration of Covenants, Conditions, Restrictions and Easements for Tract No. 49546

to which this instrument is attached, hereby approves and consents to the recording of

this Declaration of Covenants, Conditions, Restrictions and Easements, and agrees

that the lien(s) of said Deed(s) of Trust shall be subordinated to and subject to each

and every provision of the Declaration and any future amendments not affecting the

beneficial interest.

Deed of Trust recorded on August 27, 1991 as Instrument No. 91-

1347296 of the Official Records of the Los Angeles County Recorder.

MARIE FINOCCHIO and ANTHONY FINOCCHIO as Trustees for the FINOCCHIO TRUST dated 9/3/76

France ? envidia Anthony Finacchio MARIE FINOCCHIO, Trustee FRANK J. NOVARRO as Trustee for the FRANK J. NOVARRO TRUST dated 7/16/84 ANTHONY FINOCCHIO, Trustee 92 2361193 NOVAR FRØ, Trustee ALLEN FOSTER VAN SCHAICK and ARDEN FINOCCHIO VAN SCHAICK

as Trustees for the VAN SCHACK TRUST dated 11/9/76

inx.

Finocchie Van Schaich ÄLLEN FÖSTER VAN SCHACK, Trustee ARDEN FINOCCHIO VAN SCHAICK, Trustee x x D. FUDGE, an Individual ELINE M. FUDGE, an individuál Order: SCTT Description: 1992.2361193 Page 74 of 76

Comment:

75

--- Page 133 --- STATE OF CALIFORNIA COUNTY OF Los Angeles 3 SS, 19 ' * On June 25, 1992 before me, the undersigned, a Notary Public In and for said State, p Page 146 ersonally appeared Marie Pinocchio, Anthony

Finocchio, Frank J J. Novarro, Allen Foster Van Schaick and Arden Finocchio Van Schaick

personally known to me (or proved to me on the basis of satisfactory evidence) to be

the person(s) whose name(s) is/are subscribed to the within instrument and

acknowledged to me that he/she/they executed the same in his/her/their signature(s)

on the instrument the person(s) or the entity upon behalf of which the person(s)

acted, executed the instrument.

WITNESS my hand and official seal.

92 2361193 PAGE 'LL JOQOL (SEAL) ANNO STRONY $0 Notary Public OFFICIAL SEAL LYNN E. SEMAN Notary Pubic-Calfomia LOS ANGELES COUNTY My Commission Expires October 11 1994

--- Page 134 --- STATE OF CALIFORNIA COUNTY OF On June 25 SS.

1992, before me, the undersigned, a Notary Public in and for said State, personally appeared Jack D. Fudge

and Eline M. Fudge personally known to me (or proved to me on the basis of satisfactory evidence) to be

the person(s) whose name(s) is/are subscribed to the within instrument and

acknowledged to me that he/she/they executed the same in his/her/their signature(s)

on the instrument the person(s) or the entity upon behalf of which the person(s)

acted, executed the instrument.

WITNESS my hand and official seal.

(SEAL) OFFICIAL SEAL LAURA K. RULE HOTARY PUBLIC CALIFORNIA LOS ANGELES COUNTY My comm. expires SEP 24, 1993 Ru Notary Public Order: SCTT Description: 1992.2361193 Page 75 of 76 Comment:

1 92 2361193 EXHIBIT "A" Lot 1 of Tract 49546, as per Map filed in Book

1194 Pages 26 to 28 Inclusive of Maps, in the Office of the County Recorder

of Los Angeles County.

76

--- Page 135 --- Order: SCTT Description: 1992.23