STATE OF CALIFORNIA | Business, Consumer Services and Housing Agency
Civil Rights Department
651 Bannon Street, Suite 200 | Sacramento | CA | 95811
1-800-884-1684 (voice) | 1-800-700-2320 (TTY) | California’s Relay Service at 711
calcivilrights.ca.gov | contact.center@calcivilrights.ca.gov
May 23, 2025
GAVIN NEWSOM, GOVERNOR
KEVIN KISH, DIRECTOR
Via Email: jenbarreda@yahoo.com
Jennifer Burbank
518 N Stoneman Ave
Alhambra, CA 91801
James Burbank
518 N Stoneman Ave
Alhambra, CA 91801
RE: Closure Determination and Request for Additional Information
Case Number: 202409-26239516
HUD Number: 09-24-5417-8
Case Name: Burbank / Calhoun Gail D Trust et al.
Case Type: Housing
Dear Jennifer Burbank and James Burbank:
Your allegations of discrimination against the above referenced Respondent and/or Co-
Respondent(s) have been filed with our Department and with the U.S. Department of
Housing and Urban Development (HUD), if applicable.
CRD investigated the complaint to determine if Respondent(s) violated the Fair
Employment and Housing Act.
CRD has determined that based on an analysis of the facts and circumstances which
you alleged; your complaint will be closed for the following reason: No Cause
Determination. If you disagree with this determination, you must provide more
information to substantiate your allegations within ten (10) calendar days from the
date of this letter. Please provide any new detailed information or evidence (i.e.,
documents, records, witness information) that support your claim. Specifically, respond
to the statements or questions below.
Summary of Allegations:
You alleged that on or around June 17, 2024, Respondent Vicki asked you if the dog at
the subject property belonged to you. You alleged you then requested a reasonable
accommodation stating that your dog was your assistance animal. You alleged
Respondent Vicki did not respond to the message. You alleged on or around June 19,
2024, Respondent Vicki emailed you stating that they would not renew your lease
because you violated the no pet’s policy in the lease agreement and set a move-out
CRD-ENF 25HCD (Revised 2025/04)
CIVIL RIG
RIGHTS
STATE OF
DEPARTMENT
CALIFORNIA
Closure Determination and Request for Additional Information
May 23, 2025
Page 2 of 4
date of September 15, 2024. You alleged that on or around August 5, 2024, you again
requested a reasonable accommodation from Respondent Vicki. You alleged on or
around August 10, 2024, Respondent Vicki told you that "due to the lease ending on
September 8, 2024, we are not requiring you to comply with the process for requesting
reasonable accommodation of an emotional support animal. If you would like to
formalize your request, you will need to provide a letter from a licensed healthcare
professional explaining the need." You alleged on or around August 12, 2024, you
submitted to Respondent Vicki a letter from your healthcare professional verifying your
disability related need for an assistance animal. You alleged on or around August 13,
2024, Respondent Vicki confirmed receipt of your verification letter, and provided a pet
addendum to sign, and stated that once the addendum was received signed,
Respondents would consider the accommodation approved. You alleged that on or
around August 21, 2024, you signed the pet addendum and provided it to Respondent
Vicki. You alleged on or around August 23, 2024, Respondent Vicki issued another
notice of non-renewal, again referencing the no pet policy provision in the lease
agreement. You alleged on or around August 26, 2024, Respondent Vicki offered to
withdraw the non-renewal requiring you to vacate by September 15 and instead permit
your tenancy to roll over to a month-to-month tenancy. You alleged the Respondents
never explicitly approved your requested reasonable accommodation, and even so, you
alleged that the latest actions of Respondents changed the terms and conditions of your
tenancy in retaliation for making the request.
Summary of Respondents Defense:
Respondents denied all allegations. Respondents stated that on or around May 22nd
they went for scheduled site visit to address some repairs. Respondents stated that on
that visit they discovered that the glass shower enclosure from the upstairs bathroom
had been removed without permission causing damage to the downstairs ceiling.
Respondents stated that at that time they requested that you make no further changes
to the property without prior approval of the owners. Respondents stated that you
responded to this by telling them that you were just “waiting until the end of the lease to
move out” and that you “would not be friendly going forward.” Respondents stated that
on May 30th they went to repair a leaky toilet on the property where it was discovered
that a bidet was installed without approval. Respondents stated that they decided at this
time not to renew the lease and began to work on the 90-day notice. Respondents
stated that they arranged a contractor to come and work on repairs at the property
beginning June 17th and received confirmation from you that that would be fine.
Respondents stated that when they and the contractor showed up to begin the work,
they discovered a large dog on the property that they did not have any previous
knowledge of. Respondents stated that they contacted you to ask about the dog and
rearrange the start of the repairs as the dog could not be on the property. Respondents
stated that you responded to them that the dog was your emotional support animal, but
you did not submit any request for this animal previously or during this exchange.
Respondents stated that on June 19th, they emailed you a letter of non-renewal of the
lease, a lease violation for an animal on premises without seeking accommodation and
unapproved repairs, alterations or improvements as well as a 90-day notice which was
CRD-ENF 25HCD (Revised 2025/04)
Closure Determination and Request for Additional Information
May 23, 2025
Page 3 of 4
not acknowledged by you at all. Respondents stated that they then mailed it to you
which was delivered on July 15th. Respondents stated on August 5th they received a
formal request for an emotional support animal in which they responded to let you know
that they were not extending the lease, but you could provide a medical letter if you
wished to formalize the process. Respondents stated that a letter was submitted by you
from your healthcare professional on August 12th. Respondents stated that they asked
you sign an animal terms and conditions addendum which was returned by you on
August 21st. Respondents stated that they sent a confirmation of lease termination and
non-renewal of the lease, and an offer was provided if you needed more time to make
plans. Respondents stated that you entered a month-to-month contract as of August
30th.
Investigative Findings:
During the investigation, the Department interviewed you, Respondents and reviewed
all evidence in the casefile. The Department investigated the allegations that you were
denied a rental/sale/lease, denied a reasonable accommodation and denied equal
terms and conditions due to your disability. A review of the evidence you submitted
included an email notification from June 19, 2024, of lease violations and the non-
renewal of your lease. You also included the formal accommodation request for your
emotional support animal on August 5, 2024. You submitted an email from the
Respondents dated August 13, 2024, that confirmed your request and asked for a lease
addendum to be completed. Evidence also shows that the Respondents withdrew the
non-renewal and transitioned your tenancy to a month-to-month lease which you agreed
to on or around August 30, 2024. Respondents submitted evidence to support their
defense including a text message from June 17, 2024, where the respondents asked
about a dog that was discovered on the property during repairs. Respondents also
included a copy of your signed lease agreement which included clause 13 stating no
animals were allowed on the property without prior permission of the property owners.
Respondents submitted a copy of your reasonable accommodation request from August
5, 2024, and doctors note date August 1, 2023. Respondents confirmed that the notice
of lease violation was regarding not only the unauthorized animal, but other issues such
as alterations to the subject property without prior approval. Evidence shows that the
emotional support animal was never denied or removed from the subject property, and
you remain in the unit as of the date of this letter. The Department attempted to validate
both your disability and associated needs with your practitioner, but you declined to sign
the medical release allowing the Department to do that. Based on the evidence in file,
there is insufficient evidence to show that you were denied a rental/sale/lease, denied a
reasonable accommodation and denied equal terms and conditions due to your
disability.
The new information that you provide will be carefully considered. If you do not provide
more information which substantiates your allegations within ten (10) calendar days,
June 3, 2025, your complaint will be closed, and you may file a private lawsuit.
CRD-ENF 25HCD (Revised 2025/04)
Closure Determination and Request for Additional Information
May 23, 2025
Page 4 of 4
You can provide the information by telephone, mail, or e-mail. If you choose to mail your
response, please include your case number 202409-26239516 and mail it to the Civil
Rights Department, 651 Bannon Street, Suite 200, Sacramento, CA 95811
Sincerely,
Lauren Witham
Lauren Witham
Associate Governmental Program Analyst
916-964-1988
lauren.witham@calcivilrights.ca.gov
CRD-ENF 25HCD (Revised 2025/04)
