1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
بیا
14
15
U₁
16
17
18
19
20
922
21
22
23
22 2
24
25
EXHIBIT A
26
27
2200
28
16
COMPLAINT FOR DAMAGES, DECLARATORY RELIEF, AND EQUITABLE RELIEF
DocuSign Envelope ID: BEBBB34E-2815-40EE-A88B-704908D522A5DISCLOSURE REGARDINGCALIFORNIAASSOCIATIONREAL ESTATE AGENCY RELATIONSHIPOF REALTORS*(As required by the Civil Code)(C.A.R. Form AD, Revised 12/21)
G
COLDWELL BANKER
CAL
REALTY
☐ (If checked) This form is being provided in connection with a transaction for a leasehold interest exceeding one year as per CivilCode section 2079.13(j), (k), and (1),When you enter into a discussion with a real estate agent regarding a real estate transaction, you should from the outset understandwhat type of agency relationship or representation you wish to have with the agent in the transaction.SELLER'S AGENTA Seller's agent under a listing agreement with the Seller acts as the agent for the Seller only. A Seller's agent or a subagent of thatagent has the following affirmative obligations;To the Seller: A Fiduciary duty of utmost care, integrity, honesty and loyalty in dealings with the Seller.To the Buyer and the Seller:(a) Diligent exercise of reasonable skill and care in performance of the agent's duties.(b) A duty of honest and fair dealing and good faith.(c) A duty to disclose all facts known to the agent materially affecting the value or desirability of the property that are not known to.or within the diligent attention and observation of, the parties. An agent is not obligated to reveal to either party any confidentia!information obtained from the other party that does not involve the affirmative duties set forth above.BUYER'S AGENTA Buyer's agent can, with a Buyer's consent, agree to act as agent for the Buyer only. In these situations, the agent is not the Seller'sagent, even if by agreement the agent may receive compensation for services rendered, either in full or in part from the Seller. An agentacting only for a Buyer has the following affirmative obligations:To the Buyer: A fiduciary duty of utmost care, integrity, honesty and loyalty in dealings with the Buyer.To the Buyer and the Seller:(a) Diligent exercise of reasonable skill and care in performance of the agent's duties.(b) A duty of honest and fair dealing and good faith.(c) A duty to disclose all facts known to the agent materially affecting value or desirability of the property that are not known to.or within the diligent attention and observation of, the parties. An agent is not obligated to reveal to either party any confidentialinformation obtained from the other party that does not involve the affirmative duties set forth above.AGENT REPRESENTING BOTH SELLER AND BUYERA real estate agent, either acting directly or through one or more salespersons and broker associates, can legally be the agent of boththe Seller and the Buyer in a transaction, but only with the knowledge and consent of both the Seller and the Buyer.In a dual agency situation, the agent has the following affirmative obligations to both the Seller and the Buyer:(a) A fiduciary duty of utmost care, integrity, honesty and loyalty in the dealings with either the Seller or the Buyer.(b) Other duties to the Seller and the Buyer as stated above in their respective sections.in representing both Seller and Buyer, a dual agent may not, without the express permission of the respective party, disclose to theother party confidential information, including, but not limited to, facts relating to either the Buyer's or Seller's financial position,motivations, bargaining position, or other personal information that may impact price, including the Seller's willingness to accept a priceless than the listing price or the Buyer's willingness to pay a price greater than the price offered.SELLER AND BUYER RESPONSIBILITIESEither the purchase agreement or a separate document will contain a confirmation of which agent is representing you and whether thatagent is representing you exclusively in the transaction or acting as a dual agent. Please pay attention to that confirmation to make sureit accurately reflects your understanding of your agent's role.The above duties of the agent in a real estate transaction do not relieve a Setler or Buyer from the responsibility to protect his or herown interests. You should carefully read all agreements to assure that they adequately express your understanding of the transaction. Areal estate agent is a person qualified to advise about real estate. If legal or tax advice is desired, consult a competent professional.If you are a Buyer, you have the duty to exercise reasonable care to protect yourself, including as to those facts about the propertywhich are known to you or within your diligent attention and observation.Both Sellers and Buyers should strongly consider obtaining tax advice from a competent professional because the federal and state taxconsequences of a transaction can be complex and subject to change.Throughout your real property transaction you may receive more than one disclosure form, depending upon the number of agentsassisting in the transaction. The law requires each agent with whom you have more than a casual relationship to present you with thisdisclosure form. You should read its contents each time it is presented to you, considering the relationship between you and the realestate agent in your specific transaction. This disclosure form includes the provisions of Sections 2079.13 to 2079.24, inclusive,of the Civil Code set forth on page 2. Read it carefully. I/WE ACKNOWLEDGE RECEIPT OF A COPY OF THIS DISCLOSUREAND THE PORTIONS OF THE CIVIL CODE PRINTED ON THE SECOND PAGE.
Buyer
Seller Landlord ☑ Tenant
J
Jennifer Burbank Date
9/4/23
W
Buyer Seller
Landlord X Tenant
✓
******
James Burbank Date 914123
Agent
--------
------
MIN M
By
z a
Coldwell Banker RealtyDRE Lic. # 00616212Real Estate Broker (Firm)Johnny Aragon DRE Lic. # 02066422(Salesperson or Broker-Associate, if any)
Date 9/4/23
Wystalcha
Ⓒ2021 California Association of REALTORS®, Inc.
AD REVISED 12/21 (PAGE 1 OF 2)
NPOWE
75%
S
ar
DISCLOSURE REGARDING REAL ESTATE AGENCY RELATIONSHIP (AD PAGE 1 OF 2)Phone (213)250-3678Fax: (626)440-455Coldwell Banker Realty - Pasadena, 388 S Lake Ave. Pasadena CA 9410Johnny AragonProduced with Lone Wall Transactions (21pForm Edition) 717 N Harworkd S1, Suite 2200. Dallas, TX 75201 www.wolf.com
▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬
518 N Stoneman
HAMILAN (ODERNIT
P/T
p/1
DocuSign Envelope ID: BEBBB34E-2815-40EE-A88B-704908D522A5CIVIL CODE SECTIONS 2079.13 - 2079.24 (2079.16 APPEARS ON THE FRONT)2079.13. As used in Sections 2079.7 and 2079.14 to 2079.24, inclusive, the following terms have the following meanings:(a) Agent means a person acting under provisions of Title 9 (commencing with Section 2295) in a real property transaction, and includes a personwho is licensed as a real estate broker under Chapter 3 (commencing with Section 10130) of Part 1 of Division 4 of the Business and Professions Code.and under whose license a listing is executed or an offer to purchase is obtained. The agent in the real property transaction bears responsibility for thatagent's salespersons or broker associates who perform as agents of the agent. When a salesperson or broker associate owes a duty to any principal.or to any buyer or seller who is not a principal, in a real property transaction, that duty is equivalent to the duty owed to that party by the broker for whomthe salesperson or broker associate functions. (b) "Buyer" means a transferee in a real property transaction, and includes a person who executes an offerto purchase real property from a seller through an agent, or who seeks the services of an agent in more than a casual, transitory, or preliminary manner,with the object of entering into a real property transaction. "Buyer" includes vendee or lessee of real property. (c) "Commercial real property" meansall real property in the state, except (1) single-family residential real property, (2) dwelling units made subject to Chapter 2 (commencing withSection 1940) of Title 5, (3) a mobilehome, as defined in Section 798.3. (4) vacant land, or (5) a recreational vehicle, as defined in Section 799.29. (d) "Dualagent means an agent acting, either directly or through a salesperson or broker associate, as agent for both the seller and the buyer in a real propertytransaction. (e) "Listing agreement" means a written contract between a seller of real property and an agent, by which the agent has been authorizedto sell the real property or to find or obtain a buyer, including rendering other services for which a real estate license is required to the seller pursuantto the terms of the agreement. (f) "Seller's agent" means a person who has obtained a listing of real property to act as an agent for compensation.(g) "Listing price" is the amount expressed in dollars specified in the listing for which the seller is willing to sell the real property through the seller's agent.(h) "Offering price" is the amount expressed in dollars specified in an offer to purchase for which the buyer is willing to buy the real property. (i) "Offer topurchase" means a written contract executed by a buyer acting through a buyer's agent that becomes the contract for the sale of the real property uponacceptance by the seller. (i) "Real property" means any estate specified by subdivision (1) or (2) of Section 761 In property, and includes (1) single-familyresidential property. (2) multiunit residential property with more than four dwelling units, (3) commercial real property, (4) vacant land, (5) a ground leasecoupled with improvements, or (6) a manufactured home as defined in Section 18007 of the Health and Safety Code, or a mobilehome as defined inSection 18008 of the Health and Safety Code, when offered for sale or sold through an agent pursuant to the authority contained in Section 10131.6 of theBusiness and Professions Code. (k) "Real property transaction" means a transaction for the sale of real property in which an agent is retained by a buyer,seller, or both a buyer and seller to act in that transaction, and includes a listing or an offer to purchase. (1) "Sell," "sale," or "sold" refers to a transactionfor the transfer of real property from the seller to the buyer and includes exchanges of real property between the seller and buyer, transactions for thecreation of a real property sales contract within the meaning of Section 2985, and transactions for the creation of a leasehold exceeding one year's duration.(m) "Seller" means the transferor in a real property transaction and includes an owner who lists real property with an agent, whether or not atransfer results, or who receives an offer to purchase real property of which he or she is the owner from an agent on behalf of another. "Sellerincludes both a vendor and a lessor of real property. (n) "Buyer's agent" means an agent who represents a buyer in a real property transaction.2079.14. A seller's agent and buyer's agent shall provide the seller and buyer in a real property transaction with a copy of the disclosure form specified inSection 2079.16, and shall obtain a signed acknowledgment of receipt from that seller and buyer, except as provided in Section 2079.15, as follows: (a)The seller's agent, if any, shall provide the disclosure form to the seller prior to entering into the fisting agreement. (b) The buyer's agent shall providethe disclosure form to the buyer as soon as practicable prior to execution of the buyer's offer to purchase. If the offer to purchase is not prepared by thebuyer's agent, the buyer's agent shall present the disclosure form to the buyer not later than the next business day after receiving the offer to purchasefrom the buyer.2079.15. In any circumstance in which the seller or buyer refuses to sign an acknowledgment of receipt pursuant to Section 2079.14, the agent shall setforth, sign, and date a written declaration of the facts of the refusal.2079.16 Reproduced on Page 1 of this AD form.2079.17(a) As soon as practicable, the buyer's agent shall disclose to the buyer and seller whether the agent is acting in the real property transaction asthe buyer's agent, or as a dual agent representing both the buyer and the seller. This relationship shall be confirmed in the contract to purchase and sellreal property or in a separate writing executed or acknowledged by the seller, the buyer, and the buyer's agent prior to or coincident with execution of thatcontract by the buyer and the seller, respectively. (b) As soon as practicable, the seller's agent shall disclose to the seller whether the seller's agent isacting in the real property transaction as the seller's agent, or as a dual agent representing both the buyer and seller. This relationship shall be confirmed inthe contract to purchase and sell real property or in a separate writing executed or acknowledged by the seller and the seller's agent prior to or coincidentwith the execution of that contract by the seller.CONFIRMATION: (c) The confirmation required by subdivisions (a) and (b) shall be in the following form:Seller's Brokerage FirmDO NOT COMPLETE. SAMPLE ONLYLicense Numberis the broker of (check one): ☐ the seller; or both the buyer and seller. (dual agent)Seller's AgentDO NOT COMPLETE. SAMPLE ONLYLicense NumberIs (check one): the Seller's Agent (salesperson or broker associate) both the Buyer's and Seller's Agent. (dual agent)Buyer's Brokerage FirmDO NOT COMPLETE. SAMPLE ONLYLicense Numberis the broker of (check one): the buyer; or both the buyer and seller. (dual agent)Buyer's AgentDO NOT COMPLETE. SAMPLE ONLYLicense NumberIs (check one): the Buyer's Agent. (salesperson or broker associate) both the Buyer's and Seller's Agent. (dual agent)(d) The disclosures and confirmation required by this section shall be in addition to the disclosure required by Section 2079.14. An agent's duty to providedisclosure and confirmation of representation in this section may be performed by a real estate salesperson or broker associate affiliated with that broker.2079.18 (Repealed pursuant to AB-1289)2079.19 The payment of compensation or the obligation to pay compensation to an agent by the seller or buyer is not necessarily determinative of aparticular agency relationship between an agent and the seller or buyer. A listing agent and a selling agent may agree to share any compensation orcommission paid, or any right to any compensation or commission for which an obligation arises as the result of a real estate transaction, and the terms ofany such agreement shall not necessarily be determinative of a particular relationship.2079.20 Nothing in this article prevents an agent from selecting, as a condition of the agent's employment, a specific form of agency relationship notspecifically prohibited by this article if the requirements of Section 2079.14 and Section 2079.17 are complied with.2079.21 (a) A dual agent may not, without the express permission of the seller, disclose to the buyer any confidential information obtained from the seller.(b) A dual agent may not, without the express permission of the buyer, disclose to the seller any confidential information obtained from the buyer. (c)"Confidential information" means facts relating to the client's financial position, motivations, bargaining position, or other personal information that mayimpact price, such as the seller is willing to accept a price less than the listing price or the buyer is willing to pay a price greater than the price offered.(d) Thisdoes not alter in any way the duly or responsibility of a dual agent to any principal with respect to confidential information other than price.2079.22 Nothing in this article precludes a seller's agent from also being a buyer's agent. If a seller or buyer in a transaction chooses to not be representedby an agent, that does not, of itself, make that agent a dual agent.2079.23 A contract between the principal and agent may be modified or altered to change the agency relationship at any time before the performance ofthe act which is the object of the agency with the written consent of the parties to the agency relationship.2079.24 Nothing in this article shall be construed to either diminish the duty of disclosure owed buyers and sellers by agents and their associate licensees,subagents, and employees or to relieve agents and their associate licensees, subagents, and employees from liability for their conduct in connection withacts governed by this article or for any breach of a fiduciary duty or a duty of disclosure.2021, California Association of REALTORS®, Inc. United States copyright law (Title 17 U.S. Code) forbids the unauthorized distribution, display and reproduction of thisform, or any portion thereof, by photocopy machine or any other means, including facsimile or computerized formats. THIS FORM HAS BEEN APPROVED BY THECALIFORNIA ASSOCIATION OF REALTORS®. NO REPRESENTATION IS MADE AS TO THE LEGAL VALIDITY OR ACCURACY OF ANY PROVISION IN ANY SPECIFICTRANSACTION. A REAL ESTATE BROKER IS THE PERSON QUALIFIED TO ADVISE ON REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS. IF YOU DESIRE LEGAL OR TAX ADVICE.CONSULT AN APPROPRIATE PROFESSIONAL. This form is made available to real estate professionals through an agreement with or purchase from the CaliforniaAssociation of REALTORSO. It is not intended to identify the user as a REALTOR®, REALTOR® is a registered collective membership mark which may be used only bymembers of the NATIONAL ASSOCIATION OF REALTORS® who subscribe to its Code of Ethics.Published and Distributed by:REAL ESTATE BUSINESS SERVICES, LLC.a subsidiary of the CALIFORNIA ASSOCIATION OF REALTORS®525 South Virgit Avenue, Los Angeles, Califomia 90020AD REVISED 12/21 (PAGE 2 OF 2)DISCLOSURE REGARDING REAL ESTATE AGENCY RELATIONSHIP (AD PAGE 2 OF 2)Produced with Lone Wolf Transactions (zipFom Edition) 717 N Harwood St. Suite 2200, Dallas, TX 75201518 N Stoneman
wwwwwwwww
I
SA I
QUAL HACFFORTNITY
www.wolf.com
DocuSign Envelope ID: BEBBB34E-2815-40EE-A88B-704908D522A5
B
CALIFORNIAASSOCIATIONOF REALTORS®
co!
RESIDENTIAL LEASE ORMONTH-TO-MONTH RENTAL AGREEMENT(C.A.R. Form RLMM, Revised 6/23)
COLDWELL BANKER
igra
REALTY
kmın
MA
held
"*"
Happing, pa
NATA.P\\\*?*
Date 09/04/2023James Steven Burbank, Jennifer Burbank("Tenant")andBradford M. Martinez, Vicki Lynn MartinezRental Property Owner, Authorized Brokeror Agent, or Property Manager ("Housing Provider"), agree as follows ("Agreement"):1. PROPERTY:A. Housing Provider rents to Tenant and Tenant rents from Housing Provider, the real property and improvements described as:518 N Stoneman Ave., Alhambra, California 91801("Premises").B. The Premises are for the sole use as a personal residence by the following named person(s) only: James Steven Burbank,Jennifer Burbank, Jayden Burbank, Jameson BurbankAny person in the Premises, other than those listed in this paragraph are considered guests. Guests are not permitted to staymore than 14 (or. _) days without Housing Provider's written consent.C. The following personal property, maintained pursuant to paragraph 11, is included: Refrigerator, range, disdishwasher,washer, dryeror (if checked) the personal property on the attached addendum is included.D. The Premises may be subject to a local rent control ordinance2. TERM: The term begins on (date) 09/08/2023 ("Commencement Date"). If Tenant has not paid all amounts then due; (i)Tenant has no right to possession or keys to the premises and; (ii) this Agreement is voidable at the option of Housing Provider, 2calendar days after giving Tenant a Notice to Pay (C.A.R. Form PPN). Notice may be delivered to Tenant (i) in person; (ii) by mailto Tenant's last known address; or (iii) by email, if provided in Tenant's application or previously used by Tenant to communicatewith Housing Provider or it's agent. If Housing Provider elects to void the lease, Housing Provider shall refund to Tenant all rent andsecurity deposit paid.(Check A or B):☐ A. Month-to-Month: This Agreement continues from the commencement date as a month-to-month tenancy. Tenant mayterminate the tenancy by giving written notice at least 30 days prior to the intended termination date. Tenant shall beresponsible for paying rent through the termination date even if moving out early. Housing Provider may terminate thetenancy by giving written notice as provided by law. Such notices may be given on any date.☑ B. Lease: This Agreement shall terminate on (date) 09/08/2024 at 11:59 pm ☐ AM/ ☑ PM. Tenant shall vacate thePremises upon termination of the Agreement, unless: (i) Housing Provider and Tenant have extended this Agreement inwriting or signed a new agreement; (ii) mandated by any rent increase cap or just cause eviction control under any state orlocal law; or (ii) Housing Provider accepts Rent from Tenant (other than past due Rent), in which case a month-to-monthtenancy shall be created which either party may terminate as specified in paragraph 2A. Rent shall be at a rate agreed toby Housing Provider and Tenant, or as allowed by law. All other terms and conditions of this Agreement shall remain in fullforce and effect.3. RENT: "Rent" shall mean all monetary obligations of Tenant to Housing Provider under the terms of the Agreement, except securitydeposit.A. Tenant agrees to pay $3,250.00per month for the term of the Agreement.B. Rent is payable in advance on the 1st (or i) day of each calendar month, and is delinquent on the next day.C. If Commencement Date falls on any day other than the day Rent is payable under paragraph 3B, and Tenant has paid one fullmonth's Rent in advance of Commencement Date, Rent for the second calendar month shall be prorated and Tenant shall pay1/30th of the monthly rent per day for each day remaining in the prorated second month.D. PAYMENT:(1) Rent shall be paid by ☐ personal check, ☐☐ money order. ( cashier's check, made payable to☐ wire/electronic payment toor X other Zelle (626) 375-5298 Payment via electronic apps such as PayPal or Venmo will not (x will) be accepted.(2) Rent shall be delivered to (name) Brad Martinez(whose phone number is) (626)375-5298 at (address)(or at any other location subsequently specified by Housing Provider in writing to Tenant) (and if checked, rent may be paidpersonally, between the hours ofandon the following daysj(3) If any payment is returned for non-sufficient funds ("NSF") or because tenant stops payment, then, after that: (i) HousingProvider may, in writing, require Tenant to pay Rent in cash for three months and (ii) all future Rent shall be paid by money order.or cashier's check.E. Rent payments received by Housing Provider shall be applied to the earliest amount(s) due or past due.A. SECURITY DEPOSIT:A. Tenant agrees to pay $3,250,00as a security deposit. Security deposit will be ☑ transferred to and held by theOwner of the Premises, or held in Owner's Broker's trust account.B. All or any portion of the security deposit may be used, as reasonably necessary, to: (i) cure Tenant's default in payment of Rent(which includes Late Charges, NSF fees or other sums due); (ii) repair damage, excluding ordinary wear and tear, caused byTenant or by a guest. invitee or licensee of Tenant: (HI) clean Premises, if necessary, upon termination of the tenancy; and (iv)replace or return personal property or appurtenances. SECURITY DEPOSIT SHALL NOT BE USED BY TENANT IN LIEU OFPAYMENT OF LAST MONTH'S RENT. If all or any portion of the security deposit is used during the tenancy. Tenant agrees toreinstate the total security deposit within 5 days after written notice is delivered to Tenant. Within 21 days after Tenant vacatesthe Premises, Housing Provider shall: (1) furnish Tenant an itemized statement indicating the amount of any security depositreceived and the basis for its disposition and supporting documentation as required by California Civil Code $ 1950.5(g); and (2)return any remaining portion of the security deposit to Tenant.3VMTenant's Initials X (IX1X(✓ Housing Providers Initials2023, California Association of REALTORS®, Inc.RLMM REVISED 6/23 (PAGE 1 OF 9)
"
Men inma
DOWNLINKI,
1
DS
DS
Fun
۲۷/ لان نسال
RESIDENTIAL LEASE OR MONTH-TO-MONTH RENTAL AGREEMENT (RLMM PAGE 1 OF 9)
PAPP/PAPA
malm
Coldwell Banker, 388 S. Lake Ave Pasadena CA 9110)Phone. (626)487-6844Fax (626)440-0455Marisol GrierProduced with Lone Wolf Transactions (zipFormition) 737 Tarwood St. Suites 2200, Dallas, TX 75201 www.well.com
S18N Stone
11-
www.b
WWW
A PLUPPSHIAPAP
DocuSign Envelope ID: BEBBB34E-2815-40EE-A88B-704908D522A5
Premises. 518 N Stoneman Ave., Alhambra, California 91801Date: 09/04/2023C. Security deposit will not be returned until all Tenants have vacated the Premises and all keys returned. Any securitydeposit returned by check shall be made out to all Tenants named on this Agreement, or as subsequently modified.D. No interest will be paid on security deposit untess required by local law.E. If the security deposit is held by Owner, Tenant agrees not to hold Broker responsible for its return. If the security deposit is held inOwner's Broker's trust account, and Broker's authority is terminated before expiration of this Agreement, and security deposit isreleased to someone other than Tenant, then Broker shall notify Tenant, in writing, where and to whom security deposit has beenreleased. Once Tenant has been provided such notice. Tenant agrees not to hold Broker responsible for the security deposit.5. MOVE-IN COSTS RECEIVED/DUE: Move-in funds shall be paid by ☐ personal check, ☐ money order. ☑ cashier's check, or wire/electronic payment.CategoryTotal DuePayment ReceivedBalance DueDue DatePayable ToRent from 09/08/2023
to
10/08/2023
(date)
$3,250.00
$3,250.00
09/05/2023
Brad & Vicki Martinez
www
$3,250.00
Security DepositOther
$3,250.00
PM PIVA
hans
Other
Total $6.500.00
$6,500.00
$6,500.00
09/05/2023
"
6.
The maximum amount of security deposit, however designated, cannot exceed two months' Rent for an unfurnished premises,or three months' Rent for a furnished premises, in addition to any rent for the first month paid on or before initial occupancy. Thislimitation does not prohibit the payment of "advance rent" of not less than six months' rent if the term of the lease is six months orlonger.LATE CHARGE; RETURNED CHECKS:A. Tenant acknowledges either late payment of Rent or issuance of a returned check may cause Housing Provider to incur costsand expenses, the exact amounts of which are extremely difficult and impractical to determine. These costs may include, butare not limited to, processing, enforcement and accounting expenses, and late charges imposed on Housing Provider. If anyinstallment of Rent due from Tenant is not received by Housing Provider within 5 (or) calendar days after the datedue, or if a check is returned. Tenant shall pay to Housing Provider, respectively, an additional sum of $5.000 % of the Rent due as a Late Charge and $25.00 as a NSF fee for the first returned check and $35.00 as a NSF fee foreach additional returned check, either or both of which shall be deemed additional Rent.B. Housing Provider and Tenant agree that these charges represent a fair and reasonable estimate of the costs Housing Providermay incur by reason of Tenant's late or NSF payment. Any Late Charge or NSF fee due shall be paid with the current installmentof Rent. Housing Provider's acceptance of any Late Charge or NSF fee shall not constitute a waiver as to any default of Tenant.Housing Provider's right to collect a Late Charge or NSF fee shall neither be deemed an extension of the date Rent is due underparagraph 3 nor prevent Housing Provider from exercising any other rights and remedies under this Agreement and asprovided by law.PARKING: (Check A or B)☑ A. Parking is permitted as follows: within attached 3 car garage, 1 assigned guest spot
or
7.
Amburkan kan
...
The right to parking X is is not included in the Rent charged pursuant to paragraph 3. If not included in the Rent, theparking rental fee shall be an additional $per month. Parking space(s) are to be used only for parkingproperly registered and operable motor vehicles, except for trailers, boats, campers, buses or trucks (other than pick-uptrucks). Tenant shall park in assigned space(s) only. Parking space(s) are to be kept clean. Vehicles leaking oil, gas orother motor vehicle fluids shall not be parked on the Premises. Mechanical work, or storage of inoperable vehicles, orstorage of any kind is not permitted in parking space(s) or elsewhere on the Premises except as specified in paragraph 8.OR ☐ B. Parking is not permitted on the real property of which the Premises is a part.8. STORAGE: (Check A or B)A. Storage is permitted as follows: within the attached 3 car garag, except for storage closet within the 3 car garage.The right to separate storage space is, ✗ is not, included in the Rent charged pursuant to paragraph 3. If not includedin the Rent, storage space fee shall be an additional $per month. Tenant shall store only personalproperty Tenant owns, and shall not store property claimed by another or in which another has any right, title or interest.Tenant shall not store any improperly packaged food or perishable goods, flammable materials, explosives, hazardouswaste or other inherently dangerous material, or illegal substances.OR ☐ B. Except for Tenant's personal property, contained entirely within the Premises, storage is not permitted on the Premises.9. UTILITIES: Tenant agrees to pay for all utilities and services, and the following charges: gas, electricityexceptHOA fees, water trashwhich shall be paid for by Housing Provider, or as agreed on a separateaddendum. If any utilities are not separately metered. Tenant shall pay Tenant's proportional share, as reasonably determined anddirected by Housing Provider. If utilities are separately metered, Tenant shall place utilities in Tenant's name as of theCommencement Date. Housing Provider is only responsible for installing and maintaining one usable telephone jack and onetelephone line to the Premises. Tenant shall pay any cost for conversion from existing utilities service provider.A. Water Submeters: Water use on the Premises is measured by a submeter and Tenant will be separately billed for waterusage based on the submeter. See attached Water Submeter Addendum (C.A.R. Form WSM) for additional terms.B. Gas Meter: The Premises does not have a separate gas meter.1 C. Electric Meter: The Premises does not have a separate electrical meter.10. CONDITION OF PREMISES: Tenant has examined Premises and, if any, all furniture, furnishings, appliances, landscaping andfixtures, including smoke alarm(s) and carbon monoxide detector(s).(Check all that apply:)A. Tenant's acknowledgment of the condition of these items is contained in an attached statement of condition (C.A.R. FormMII).
www
DS
DS
B x 2
BN
Tenant's Initials X
With
VM
Housing Providers initials x
RLMM REVISED 6/23 (PAGE 2 OF 9)
RESIDENTIAL LEASE OR MONTH-TO-MONTH RENTAL AGREEMENT (RLMM PAGE 2 OF 9)Produced with Lone Wolf Transactions taipFarm Edition) 717 N Harwood St. Suite 2200, Dallas, TX 75201 www.iwail.com518 N Staneman
