A. Missing. From timeline / documents
B. Time sensitive questions
C. Immediate Actions
Missing pieces
1. Brad and Vicki communications regarding maintenance prior to “shower door.
- offered to fix toilet, but too busy
- Dealt with and paid plumber (reimbursed later)
- Elected to bring item plumber. Mistrust towards tenants sensed. But it was roto
rooter plumber
- Photos of sink and drains needed unclogging
2. Neighbor coming to check notice as soon as it was hung on door
- Neighbor looking over our wall
3.
4.
Unannounced visits by Gail twice in one week
Sand bags collected by Brad (around August 2024) from the back yard, without being
granted entry into the house.
5. Mold inspector confirming air test was preliminary and not definitive.
- Ignored email explicitly invalidating the air test, based on Failure to communicate
necessity of turning off (3) Hepa Filters and central AC (hepa filter.)
- Compared to base line results, and health standards, Elevated levels of a few
harmful mold types were detected in the living room.
- Levels “harmful to allergen sensitive individuals”
- Denial of tenants to have their own tests completed.
6. Loose Closet floor boards removed to reveal (what appears to be) mold of various
types, in minor quantities.
- Mold appears to have taken root at base board edges
7. The Tenants’ ordered a mold test done and results are pending. Air test and “Hair” test.
Questions;
1. By having the neighbor photograph our hung notice of eviction, was that attempting to
gather another witness and avoid mail, requirement
a. Any merit to the attempt?
2. Recent work in unit, stated to be in garage, lead to owner and a worker near the closet,
but off camera. Implications of owner photographing evidence of closet floor boards
removed.
a. No damage to the closet or boards beyond a simple spackle of 2 inch piece of
plywood and reinstalling boards and one baseboard (water damaged.)
To do list:
b. Legally supposed to look inside closet?
c. No visible reason for investigating.
1. Review video of LL and worker near the closet
1. Sep 8th 2024
2.
Brian Gordon threats and statement, they don’t want to deal with you anymore, if you don’t play
ball and stop requesting repairs, 60 day notice”
Inspection approximately Jan 7th, excuses regarding the subsequent work.
“
Jan 27th. a firm email from tenant regarding no contractors available” and delays.
Jan 28th, Gail emails asking if tenants will be home for repairs on 29th. Won’t be home, was the
reply. (Disneyland)
Jan 29th. 60 day notice taped to door. A door Which they know tenants don’t use, because
stairs inside unit lead to private garage. No copy was mailed, no email mention of notice, until
brought by Jennifer.
Irregularity’s noticed in the format, lack of physical signature (typed name), the old contacts are
issuing notice.
Jan 5th booked two Servpro franchise and showed up unannounced seeming anxious and
relieved that they showed up. Really wanted to talk to him and stated she would wait for him to
leave, 45-60 minutes.
Huge rain storm was forecasted the following day. No actual repairs were done until the legal
cases, response windows were coming to a close.
Brad Vicki Gail all served in early feb. Aggression heightened after.
Recent work ran over the time frame stated for work to be completed. Tenant emailed LL to say
that is against the law. Came back after time window closed, unannounced, and used their key.
No additional communication. And left plumbers in unit alone, to complete work. Gail showed up
unannounced after the window. 2:30ish pm and was about to to let herself in (on camera
reaching for keys), just as tenant got home. No notice. No text. Tenant let her in politely. She is
on camera, recording the home with her phone all the way out. Children present but not in frame
(most likely).
Couple days later emailed saying Tuesday 8-5 and Wednesday. 8-5 needed for repairs
(Tuesday left by 10:30), but verbally stated, plumber might not make it tmr. We need 8-5
Thursday. Will let you know about Wednesday.
Didn’t show wed. Thirsday worked until about 11:30.
One week of calm. Legal deadlines appeared in cases. Now again claiming 3 days, 9 hours
each. “WAIVED” last month and they are effectively claiming the unit for 6 days so far. Clearly
retaliation and infringing on tenants rights. With dog present, someone must be home or
arrangements made. Also children to pick up. With people coming, going, recording, and being
left alone in the house.
