DocuSign Envelope ID: BEBBB34E-2815-40EE-A88B-704908D522A5
MINI
"... оронида пак..
" HEINE
Information on Dampness and
Mold for Renters in California
Main points:
• Living in damp or moldy buildings increases the chances ofrespiratory problems like asthma.
The critical warning signs are visible mold, water damage,damp materials, or mold smell.
* Dampness is needed for mold to grow, so if you control thedampness, you control the mold.
• Dampness or mold indoors may make housing substandard,per the California Health & Safety Code.
This booklet describes the increased risks to health, including specific health issues, that mayresult from exposures to dampness or mold in buildings. This booklet was produced in January2021 by the California Department of Public Health (CDPH) in accordance with the 2001 ToxicMold Protection Act (HSC $26148).
sa mga pag
"
B KIIREITERE
Coldwell Banker, 388 S. Lake Ave Pasadens CA 91107Phone: (626)487-6849Marisol GrierProduced with Lone Wolf Transactions (zipForm Edition) 717 N Harwood St, Suite 2200, Dallas, TX 75201
518 N Stoneman
Fax: (626)440-0455www.wolf.com
DocuSign Envelope ID: BEBBB34E-2815-40EE-A888-704908D522A5
Health Problems from Damp orMoldy Buildings
Signs of Dampness or Mold
Living or working in damp or moldy buildingsincreases the risk of many harmful health problems,including:
Signs of dampness or mold that may cause healthproblems include:
asthma attacks in people who already haveasthma
• visible mold (regardless of color), such as on wallsor ceilings, behind furniture or appliances, undercarpets, or even hidden in areas not seen in theoccupied areas of homes
•
a new asthma diagnosis
mold odor, noticed as an earthy, musty, or moldysmell
•
respiratory infections, such as bronchitis
•
breathing symptoms, such as hay fever, sneezing,stuffy nose, sore throat, wheezing, breathingdifficulty, or cough
• visible water damage, such as water-stains ordiscoloration on walls or ceilings, peeling orbubbled paint, warped floors, or rotting wood
eczema or skin rash
• damp or moist materials, including condensationon windows or walls
Mold can affect people differently. How much aperson is affected depends on how sensitive they areand on how much they are exposed. Damp or moldybuildings are linked to health problems in peopleeven if they do not have allergies.
Any one of these signs indicates increased risks tohealth, and the more that any of them are present,the greater the risk of health problems. Tests thatidentify the types of mold or the amounts of moldin buildings are not useful in telling us about thehealth risks. This is why CDPH does not recommendtesting for mold, such as measuring mold spores inthe air.
☐
V
Page 2 of 4
Produced with Lone Wolf Transactions (zipForth Edition) 717 N Harwood St. Suite 2200, Dallas, TX 75201 www.wolf.com
518 N Stoneman
DocuSign Envelope (D: BEBBB34E-2815-40EE-A88B-704908D522A5
Causes of Building Dampness that CanAllow Mold to Grow
The dampness that is necessary for indoor mold togrow can come from either inside or outside abuilding.
Indoor sources include:leaking or burst water pipes, for instance undersinks inside walls
•
•
not enough venting to the outside by openwindows or exhaust fans in places where water isused or moisture is produced (for example,bathrooms, laundry areas, kitchens, and waterheaters)
condensation (water droplets) on cold surfaces,including windows
Outdoor sources include:
water coming in through leaky roofs orpoorly-sealed windows, or from flooding
"
damp, exposed dirt in crawl spaces
•
outdoor surfaces that slope and drain watertoward a building, including from a downspout
yang menang menjum.
...
*
kata
LE COM
n'ailma
Fixing Dampness and Mold Problems
The California Health & Safety Code (HSC $17920.3) says that when dampness or visible mold (orcertain other conditions) in a home is a hazard to the health of occupants, the home issubstandard and the property owner must fix the conditions. The Code excludes mold that is"minor and found on surfaces that accumulate moisture as part of their properly functioning andintended use."
1:
CDPH recommends fixing dampness and mold problems as follows:
°
•
identifying and correcting the source of any water that may allow mold to growrapid drying or removal of damp materialscleaning or removing mold and moldy materials as rapidly and safely as possible
•
Note: if a moldy area is simply bleached, cleaned, or painted over-without fixing the source ofthe dampness-the mold is likely to grow again.
wwww....
KİMİN İ
TEHERE—▬▬▬▬
***
INTELLE
VP Meda
Page 3 of 4
Produced with Lone Wolf Transactions (zipForm Edition) 717 N Harwood St, Suite 2200, Dallas, TX 75201 www.wolf.com
518 N Stoneman
DocuSign Envelope ID: BEBBB34E-2815-40EE-A88B-7049080522A5
... ... ... … ...
HEMMELINE MON
Renters in California
The California Health & Safety Code requires property owners to provide a rental unit that is safe and healthyfor the people living in it. Prospective renters should look for obvious conditions that show dampness ormold, and also less obvious signs like water leaks under the kitchen and bathroom sinks or moldy odor in asealed-up home. Also look for conditions likely to cause future problems, like a bathroom that has noworking vent fan or no window that opens, or a clothes dryer without an outside vent.
For renters who suspect there is dampness or mold:
1
Tell the property owner or manager. Early detection and correction of the dampness and moldproblems can reduce the risks to your health and prevent the problem from getting worse.
2. If your property owner will not respond to your concerns in a reasonable amount of time, contact yourlocal (city or county) code enforcement agency and ask for a code enforcement officer to inspect forviolations. Many dampness or mold problems in rental homes are the responsibility of the propertyowner and must be addressed by them. However, a code enforcement officer may determine thatdampness or mold in a building results from a tenant's actions or inactions for instance, not usingavailable bathroom ventilation during showers.
-
3. If the local inspector determines there is a violation, they can require the property owner to correct theproblem.
E
TEL KEM LINEA MIEZININ Mİ
WHEEL
/
Additional Resources
For general information on dampness and mold and a list of local code enforcement agencies, with a focuson dampness and mold, see www.cdph.ca.gov/iag/mold. To see an animated video series, Mold in theHome, visit www.cdph.ca.gov/mold.
*****
MINIM
FIN
Property owners must provide a rental unit that is safe and healthy for thepeople living in it.
Tenants must notify property owners of any dampness or mold problems.
CDPH
Page 4 of 4
Produced with Lone Wolf Transactions (zipForm Edition) 717 N Harwood St. Sulte 2200, Dallas TX 75201 www.wolf.com
518 N Stonem
G₂
CALIFORNIAASSOCIATIONOF REALTORS®
ANIMAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS ADDENDUM(C.A.R. Form ATCA, 6/23)
[{{3}}}]
COLDWELL BANKERSTEALTY
STR
The following terms and conditions are hereby incorporated in and made a part of the Residential Lease or Month-to-Month RentalAgreement, OR Residential Lease After Sale. ☐ Otherdated 9/4/2023on property located at (Street Address)518 N Stoneman Ave.(Unit/Apartment)(City)91801 ("Premises"),Alhambra(State) Californi (Zip Code)in which ages and lennifer Burbankis referred to as "Tenant"and Brad and Vick: Martinez.is referred to as "Housing Provider"(the term "Housing Provider" includes Rental Property Owner and agent).ANIMAL ADDENDUM AND AGREEMENT:Notwithstanding any other term in the Agreement, Housing Provider grants permission for Tenant to have the following animal(s) onlyon the Premises: Canine "Husky".subject to the following terms and conditions:1. Tenant represents that the animal(s) is:A. ☐ a qualified service animal under California and Federal fair housing law. Tenant has previously been asked and represents thatTenant (or occupant) has a disability and the animal is brained to assist with the following disability-related task(s) (Note: Tenant isnot obligated to complete the following field if, as applicable, the disability is obvious or an animal's disability related task isobvious):OR B. ☑ a qualified support animal, emotional support animal or companion animal under fair housing laws and Tenant has providedHousing Provider with documentation establishing a need for the animal;OR C. ☐ a pet.2. Tenant is not allowed to have any animal on the Premises other than those designated above, including any pets that are "justvisiting unless otherwise allowed under fair housing laws.3. Tenant represents to Housing Provider that the animal(s): (i) is housebroken; (II) has no history of causing substantial propertydestruction; and (ili) has no history of serious threatening or causing harm to persons by biting, scratching, chewing or otherwise.4. Tenant agrees that the animal(s) will be properly licensed and vaccinated pursuant to applicable laws and Tenant will provide proofof licensing and vaccination upon Housing Provider's or agent's request.5. Tenant is responsible for compliance with all local laws and regulations relating to the animals.6. Tenant agrees to clean up after their animal(s) and properly dispose of all waste.7. Tenant agrees to keep Premises free from animal odor and stain.8. Tenant agrees to take action to avoid pest infestations (fleas, etc.) in the Premises.9. Animals may not be bathed or groomed in the laundry room sinks, pools, or pool area.10. Tenant is responsible for and will be charged for any damage to the Premises caused by an animal(s), whether listed above or "justvisiting." Damages include, but are not limited to, damages to floors, carpets, drapes, screens, landscaping, fencing, including odorsdue to the presence of animals.11. Tenant agrees to indemnify and hold Housing Provider and Housing Provider's agents harmless from all liability, claims, demands,damages and costs for injuries to persons or property in connection with Tenant's animal(s).12. Terms and Conditions Applicable to Pets Only:A. Permission to have an pet may be revoked at any time with three days notice for cause, or for month to month tenancies withthirty days notice without cause. Tenant's fallure to remove the animal(s) after permission has been revoked shall be deemeda breach of the lease or rental agreement.B. If the Premises is part of a residential complex, pets are not allowed in pool areas, clubhouses, business office, laundry rooms,business center or fitness centers.C. Tenant agrees to carry renter's insurance which includes coverage for pet ownership.13.
Je
extingg
▬▬
By signing below, Tenant acknowledges that they have read, understand, accept, and have received a copy of this addendum.Date:8/19/24Tenant (Signature): XTenant (Signature): XDate: 8/19/24martiHousing Provider (Signature)X_Date: 8/13/24Housing Provider (Signature)Date: 8/13/242023. Califomia Association of REALTORS®, Inc. United States copyright law (Title 17 U.S. Code) forbids the unauthorized distribution, display and reproduction of thisform, or any portion thereof, by photocopy machine or any other means, including facsimile or computerized formats. THIS FORM HAS BEEN APPROVED BY THECALIFORNIA ASSOCIATION OF REALTORS®. NO REPRESENTATION IS MADE AS TO THE LEGAL VALIDITY OR ACCURACY OF ANY PROVISION IN ANY SPECIFICTRANSACTION, A REAL ESTATE BROKER IS THE PERSON QUALIFIED TO ADVISE ON REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS. IF YOU DESIRE LEGAL OR TAX ADVICE,CONSULT AN APPROPRIATE PROFESSIONAL. This form is made available to real estate professionals through an agreement with or purchase from the CaliforniaAssociation of REALTORS®. It is not intended to identify the user as a REALTORS. REALTOR® is a registered collective membership mark which may be used only bymembers of the NATIONAL ASSOCIATION OF REALTORS® who subscribe to its Code of Ethics.Published and Distributed by:REAL ESTATE BUSINESS SERVICES, LLC.a subsidiary of the CALIFORNIA ASSOCIATION OF REALTORS525 South Virgil Avenue, Los Angeles, California 90020ATCA 6/23 (PAGE 1 OF 1)ANIMAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS ADDENDUM (ATCA PAGE 1 OF 1)
BWAN
P
HOUSINGGHONTUMITY
*****mayat...
MAM NAMN manam p
