DocuSign Envelope ID: BEBBB34E-2815-40EE-A88B-704908D522A5
17
Premises 518 N Stoneman Ave., Alhambra, California 91801Date. 09/04/2023B. (i) Housing Provider will Deliver to Tenant a statement of condition (C.A.R. Form Mit) within 3 days after execution ofthis Agreement: ☐ prior to the Commencement Date; within 3 days after the Commencement Date. (ii) Tenant shallcomplete and return the MII to Housing Provider within 3 (or (1) ) days after Delivery. Tenant's failure to return the MIIwithin that time shall conclusively be deemed Tenant's Acknowledgement of the condition as stated in the MII.C. Tenant will provide Housing Provider a list of items that are damaged or not in operable condition within 3 (ordays after Commencement Date, not as a contingency of this Agreement but rather as an acknowledgment of the conditionof the Premises.☐ D. Other:11. MAINTENANCE USE AND REPORTING:A. Tenant shall properly use, operate and safeguard Premises, including if applicable, any landscaping, furniture, furnishings andappliances, and all mechanical, electrical, gas and plumbing fixtures, carbon monoxide detector(s) and smoke alarms, andkeep them and the Premises clean, sanitary and well ventilated. Tenant shall be responsible for any additional phone linesbeyond the one line and jack that Housing Provider shall provide and maintain. Tenant shall replace any burned out ormalfunctioning light bulbs. Tenant shall immediately notify Housing Provider, in writing, of any problem, malfunction or damagewith any item including carbon monoxide detector(s) and smoke alarms on the property. Tenant shall be charged for all repairsor replacements caused by Tenant, pets, guests or licensees of Tenant, excluding ordinary wear and tear. Tenant shall becharged for all damage to Premises as a result of failure to report a problem in a timely manner. Tenant shall be charged forrepair of drain blockages or stoppages, unless caused by defective plumbing parts or tree roots invading sewer lines.B. Housing Provider ☐ Tenant shali water the garden, landscaping, trees and shrubs, except:
APAPP
▬▬………… 1
C.
Housing Provider ☐ Tenant shall maintain the garden, landscaping, trees and shrubs, except:
pad ('kakkım
*********
D.☐ Housing Provider X Tenant shall maintain planters within patio and any personal addition such as herb garden, flowers etcE. Housing Provider and Tenant agree that State or local water use restrictions shall supersede any obligation of HousingProvider or Tenant to water or maintain any garden, landscaping, trees or shrubs pursuant to paragraphs 118, 11C, and 11D.F. Tenant's failure to maintain any item for which Tenant is responsible shall give Housing Provider the right to hire someone toperform such maintenance and charge Tenant to cover the cost of such maintenance.G. The following items of personal property are included in the Premises without warranty and Housing Provider will not maintain,repair or replace them:H. Tenant understands that if Premises is located in a Common Interest Development, Housing Provider may not have authorityor control over certain parts of the Premises such as roof, electrical, gas or plumbing features inside certain walls, andcommon areas such as landscaping, shared parking structure or garage.1. Tenant shall not use the premises to plant, grow, cultivate or sell marijuana.12. NEIGHBORHOOD CONDITIONS: Tenant is advised to satisfy himself or herself as to neighborhood or area conditions, including,but not limited to, schools, proximity and adequacy of law enforcement, crime statistics, proximity of registered felons or offenders,fire protection, other governmental services, availability, adequacy and cost of any wired, wireless internet connections or othertelecommunications or other technology services and installations, proximity to commercial, industrial or agricultural activities.existing and proposed transportation, construction and development that may affect noise, view, or traffic, airport noise, noise orodor from any source, wild and domestic animals, other nuisances, hazards, or circumstances, cemeteries, facilities and conditionof common areas, conditions and influences of significance to certain cultures and/or religions, and personal needs, requirementsand preferences of Tenant.13. ANIMALS: Unless otherwise provided in California Civil Code $ 54.2, or other law, no animal or pet shall be kept on or about thePremises without Housing Provider's prior written consent, except as agreed to in the attached Animal Terms and ConditionsAddendum (C.A.R. Form ATCA).14. SMOKING:A. (i) Tenant is responsible for all damage caused by smoking including, but not limited to stains, burns, odors and removal ofdebris; (ii) Tenant acknowledges that in order to rernove odor caused by smoking, Housing Provider may need to replacecarpet and drapes and paint the entire premises regardless of when these items were last cleaned, replaced or repainted.Such actions and other necessary steps will impact the return of any security deposit.B. The Premises or common areas may be subject to a local non-smoking ordinance.C. NO SMOKING of any substance is allowed on the Premises or common areas. If smoking does occur on the Premises orcommon areas, (i) Tenant is in material breach of this Agreement; (ii) Tenant, guests, and all others may be required to leavethe Premises. Smoking of the following substances only is allowed:15. RULES/REGULATIONS:A. Tenant agrees to comply with all Housing Provider rules and regulations that are at any time posted on the Premises ordelivered to Tenant. Tenant shall not, and shall ensure that guests, invitees and licensees of Tenant shall not, disturb, annoy,endanger or interfere with other tenants of the building or neighbors, or use the Premises for any unlawful purposes, underfederal, state or local law including, but not limited to, using, manufacturing, selling, storing or transporting illicit drugs or othercontraband, or violate any law or ordinance, or commit a waste or nuisance on or about the Premises.B. (If applicable, check one}☐ (1) Housing Provider shall provide Tenant with a copy of the rules and regulations within days or
I MI MIAMI MINI
M
www
OR ☐ (2) Tenant has been provided with, and acknowledges receipt of, a copy of the rules and regulations.16. X (If checked) CONDOMINIUM; PLANNED UNIT DEVELOPMENT:A. The Premises are a unit in a condominium, planned unit development, common interest subdivision or other developmentgoverned by a homeowners' association ("HOA"). The name of the HOA isStoneman CourtTenant agrees to comply with all MOA covenants, conditions and restrictions, bylaws, rules and regulations and decisions ("HOARules"). Tenant shall reimburse Housing Provider for any fines or charges imposed by HOA or other authorities, due to anyviolation by Tenant, or the guests or licensees of Tenant or Housing Provider shall have the right to deduct such amounts fromthe security deposit.VMTenant's Initials X1XRLMM REVISED 6/23 (PAGE 3 OF 9)
DS
-DS
Je
B Housing Providers Initials
Вл
Exten
MECZE
van.
www.EQUAL KOUSINGCOUNTY
RESIDENTIAL LEASE OR MONTH-TO-MONTH RENTAL AGREEMENT (RLMM PAGE 3 OF 9)Produced with Lone Wolf Transactions trip Form Edition) 17 N Harwood St. Suite 2200, Dolas TX 75201 www.lwoll.com 518 N Stonema
DocuSign Envelope ID: BEBBB34E-2815-40EE-A88B-704908D522A5
- 09/08/2023
Prenses: 518 N Stoneman Ave., Alhambra, California 91801Date: 09/04/2023B. If applicable, Tenant is required to pay a fee to the HOA to gain access to certain areas within the development such as butnot necessarily including or limited to the front gate, pool, and recreational facilities. If not specified in paragraph 5, Tenant issolely responsible for payment and satisfying any HOA requirements prior to or upon or after the Commencement Date.C. (Check one)✗ (1) Housing Provider shall provide Tenant with a copy of the HOA Rules within days orOR (2) Tenant has been provided with, and acknowledges receipt of, a copy of the HOA Rules.17. ALTERATIONS; REPAIRS: Unless otherwise specified by law or paragraph 25C, without Housing Provider's prior written consent.(i) Tenant shall not make any repairs, alterations or improvements in or about the Premises including: painting, wallpapering, addingor changing locks, installing antenna or satellite dish(es), placing signs, displays or exhibits, or using screws, fastening devices, largenails or adhesive materials; (ii) Housing Provider shall not be responsible for the costs of alterations or repairs made by Tenant; (iii)Tenant shall not deduct from Rent the costs of any repairs, alterations or improvements; and (iv) any deduction made by Tenantshall be considered unpaid Rent.18. KEYS; LOCKS:A. Tenant acknowledges receipt of (or Tenant will receive prior to the Commencement Date, or ☑ 09/08/2023
INTIME
"
"SP/A
X2
x2
remote control devices) forof devices) for garage door/gate opener(s),
DE TEMPORE ET DO
...........
X1
key(s) to Premises,key(s) to mailbox,key(s) to common area(s),
---
WANT
*******
LEMP
....
B. Tenant acknowledges that locks to the Premises ☐ have. ☑ have not, been re-keyed.C. If Tenant re-keys existing locks or opening devices, Tenant shall immediately deliver copies of all keys to Housing Provider.Tenant shall pay all costs and charges related to loss of any keys or opening devices. Tenant may not remove locks, even ifinstalled by Tenant.19. ENTRY:A. Tenant shall make Premises available to Housing Provider or Housing Provider's representative for the purpose of entering tomake necessary or agreed repairs (including, but not limited to, installing, repairing, testing, and maintaining smoke detectorsand carbon monoxide devices, and bracing, anchoring or strapping water heaters, or repairing dilapidation relating to thepresence of mold), decorations, alterations, or improvements; or supplying necessary or agreed services; or to show Premisesto prospective or actual purchasers, tenants, mortgagees, lenders, appraisers, contractors and others (collectively "InterestedPersons"). Tenant agrees that Housing Provider, Broker and interested Persons may take photos of the Premises.B. Housing Provider and Tenant agree that 24-hour written notice shall be reasonable and sufficient notice, except as follows:(1) 48-hour written notice is required to conduct an inspection of the Premises prior to the Tenant moving out, unless theTenant waives the right to such notice.(2) If Housing Provider has in writing informed Tenant that the Premises are for sale and that Tenant will be notified orally toshow the premises (C.A.R. Form NSE), then, for the next 120 days following the delivery of the NSE, notice may be givenorally to show the Premises to actual or prospective purchasers.(3) No written notice is required if Housing Provider and Tenant orally agree to an entry for agreed services or repairs if thedate and time of entry are within one week of the oral agreement.(4) No notice is required: (i) to enter in case of an emergency; (ii) if the Tenant is present and consents at the time of entry; or(iii) if the Tenant has abandoned or surrendered the Premises.C. ☐ (If checked) Tenant authorizes the use of a keysafe/lockbox to allow entry into the Premises and agrees to sign a keysafe/lockbox addendum (C.A.R. Form KLA).20. PHOTOGRAPHS AND INTERNET ADVERTISING:A. In order to effectively market the Premises for sale or rental it is often necessary to provide photographs, virtual tours and othermedia to Interested Persons. Tenant agrees that Broker may photograph or otherwise electronically capture images of theexterior and interior of the Premises ("Images") for static and/or virtual tours of the Premises by Interested Persons for use onBroker's website, the MLS, and other marketing materials and sites. Tenant acknowledges that once Images are placed on theInternet neither Broker nor Housing Provider has control over who can view such images and what use viewers may make ofthe Images, or how long such Images may remain available on the Internet. Tenant is advised to store or otherwise removefrom view, anything of a personal nature which Tenant would not want to appear in any Images, including but not limited to,family photos, documents, or other valuables.B. Tenant acknowledges that prospective Interested Persons coming onto the Premises may take photographs, videos or otherimages of the Premises. Tenant understands that Broker does not have the ability to control or block the taking and use ofImages by any such persons. Once Images are taken and/or put into electronic display on the Internet or otherwise, neitherBroker nor Housing Provider has control over who views such Images nor what use viewers may make of the Images.21. SIGNS: Tenant authorizes Housing Provider to place FOR SALE/LEASE signs on the Premises.22. ASSIGNMENT; SUBLETTING:A. Tenant shall not sublet all or any part of Premises, or parking or storage spaces, or assign or transfer this Agreement or anyinterest in it, without Housing Provider's prior written consent. Unless such consent is obtained, any assignment, transferor subletting of Premises or this Agreement or tenancy, by voluntary act of Tenant, operation of law or otherwise, shall, atthe option of Housing Provider, terminate this Agreement. Any proposed assignee, transferee or sublessee shall submit toHousing Provider an application and credit information for Mousing Provider's approval and, if approved, sign a separatewritten agreement with Housing Provider and Tenant. Housing Provider's consent to any one assignment, transfer or sublease.shall not be construed as consent to any subsequent assignment, transfer or sublease and does not release Tenant ofTenant's obligations under this Agreement.B. This prohibition also applies ( does not apply) to short term, vacation, and transient rentals such as, but not limited to, thosearranged through AirBnB, VRBO, HomeAway or other short term rental services.C. Any violation of this prohibition is a non-curable, material breach of this Agreement.23. JOINT AND INDIVIDUAL OBLIGATIONS: If there is more than one Tenant, each one shall be individually and completelyresponsible for the performance of all obligations of Tenant under this Agreement, jointly with every other Tenant, and individually,whether or not in possession.Tenant's Initials X1x Housing Providers InitialsVMXRLMM REVISED 6/23 (PAGE 4 OF 9)
DS
DS
Ib
вл
__
o
RESIDENTIAL LEASE OR MONTH-TO-MONTH RENTAL AGREEMENT (RLMM PAGE 4 OF 9)$18 N StanculanProduced with Lone Wolf Transactions (zipForm Edition) 717 N Harwood St Suite 2300. Callss. TX 75201
DocuSign Envelope ID: BEBBB34E-2815-40EE-A88B-704908D522A5
****
Preraises: 518 N Stoneman Ave., Alhambra, California 91801Date: 09/04/202324. POSSESSION:A. (1) Tenant is not in possession of the Premises. If Housing Provider is unable to deliver possession of Premises onCommencement Date, such Date shall be extended to the date on which possession is made available to Tenant. IfHousing Provider is unable to deliver possession within 5 (or) calendar days after agreed CommencementDate, Tenant may terminate this Agreement by giving written notice to Housing Provider, and shall be refunded all Rentand security deposit paid.OR (2) Possession is deemed terminated when Tenant has returned all keys to the Premises to Housing Provider.B. ☐ Tenant is already in possession of the Premises.25. TENANT'S OBLIGATIONS UPON VACATING PREMISES:A. Upon termination of this Agreement, Tenant shall: (i) give Housing Provider all copies of all keys and any opening devices toPremises, including any common areas; (ii) vacate and surrender Premises to Housing Provider, empty of all persons; andpersonal property belonging to Tenant (ill) vacate any/all parking and/or storage space; (iv) clean and deliver Premises, asspecified in paragraph C below, to Housing Provider in the same condition as referenced in paragraph 10; (v) remove alldebris; (vi) give written notice to Housing Provider of Tenant's forwarding address; and (vii)
****
,,**\ \/sal
B. All alterations/improvements made by or caused to be made by Tenant, with or without Housing Provider's consent, becomethe property of Housing Provider upon termination. Housing Provider may charge Tenant for restoration of the Premises to thecondition it was in prior to any alterations/improvements.C. Right to Pre-Move-Out Inspection and Repairs: (i) After giving or receiving notice of termination of a tenancy (C.A.R. FormNTT), or before the expiration of this Agreement, Tenant has the right to request that an inspection of the Premises take placeprior to termination (C.A.R. Form NRI). If Tenant requests such an inspection, Tenant shall be given an opportunity to remedyidentified deficiencies prior to termination, consistent with the terms of this Agreement. (ii) Any repairs or alterations made to thePremises as a result of this inspection (collectively, "Repairs") shall be made at Tenant's expense. Repairs may be performedby Tenant or through others, who have adequate insurance and licenses and are approved by Housing Provider. The work shallcomply with applicable law, including governmental permit, inspection and approval requirements. Repairs shall be performedin a good, skillful manner with materials of quality and appearance comparable to existing materials. It is understood that exactrestoration of appearance or cosmetic items following all Repairs may not be possible. (iii) Tenant shall: (a) obtain receipts forRepairs performed by others; (b) prepare a written statement indicating the Repairs performed by Tenant and the date of suchRepairs; and (c) provide copies of receipts and statements to Housing Provider prior to termination. Paragraph 25C does notapply when the tenancy is terminated pursuant to California Code of Civil Procedure § 1161(2), (3), or (4).26. BREACH OF CONTRACT; EARLY TERMINATION: In addition to any obligations established by paragraph 25, in the event oftermination by Tenant prior to completion of the original term of the Agreement or any extension, Tenant shall also be responsiblefor lost Rent, rental commissions, advertising expenses and painting costs necessary to ready Premises for re-rental. MousingProvider may withhold any such amounts from Tenant's security deposit.27. TEMPORARY RELOCATION: Subject to local law, Tenant agrees, upon demand of Housing Provider, to temporarily vacatePremises for a reasonable period, to allow for fumigation (or other methods) to control wood destroying pests or organisms, or otherrepairs to Premises. Tenant agrees to comply with all instructions and requirements necessary to prepare Premises to accommodatepest control, fumigation or other work, including bagging or storage of food and medicine, and removal of perishables and valuables.Tenant shall only be entitled to a credit of Rent equal to the per diem Rent for the period of time Tenant is required to vacate Premises.28. DAMAGE TO PREMISES: If, by no fault of Tenant, Premises are totally or partially damaged or destroyed by fire, earthquake.accident or other casualty that render Premises totally or partially uninhabitable, either Housing Provider or Tenant may terminate thisAgreement by giving the other written notice. Rent shall be abated as of the date Premises become totally or partially uninhabitable.The abated amount shall be the current monthly Rent prorated on a 30-day period. If the Agreement is not terminated, HousingProvider shall promptly repair the damage, and Rent shall be reduced based on the extent to which the damage interferes withTenant's reasonable use of Promises. If damage occurs as a result of an act of Tenant or Tenant's guests, only Housing Providershall have the right of termination, and no reduction in Rent shall be made.29. INSURANCE:A. Tenant's, guest's, invitees or licensee's personal property and vehicles are not insured by Housing Provider, manager or, ifapplicable, HOA, against loss or damage due to fire, theft, vandalism, rain, water, criminal or negligent acts of others, or anyother cause. Tenant is advised to carry Tenant's own insurance (renter's insurance) to protect Tenant from any suchloss or damage.B. Tenant shall comply with any requirement imposed on Tenant by Housing Provider's insurer to avoid: (i) an increase inHousing Provider's insurance premium (or Tenant shall pay for the increase in premium); or (ii) loss of insurance.C. Tenant shall obtain liability insurance, in an amount not less than $naming Housing Providerand, if applicable. Property Manager as additional insured for injury or damage to, or upon, the Premises during the term ofthis agreement or any extension. Tenant shall provide Housing Provider a copy of the insurance policy before commencementof this Agreement, and a rider prior to any renewal.30. WATERBEDS/PORTABLE WASHERS: Tenant shall not use or have waterbeds on the Premises unless: (i) Tenant obtains a validwaterbed insurance policy; (ii) Tenant increases the security deposit in an amount equal to one-half of one month's Rent; and (iii)the bed conforms to the floor load capacity of Premises. Tenant shall not use on the Premises ( Portable Dishwasher | PortableWashing Machine.31. WAIVER: The waiver of any breach shall not be construed as a continuing waiver of the same or any subsequent breach.32 NOTICE: Notices may be served at the following address, or at any other location subsequently designated:Housing Provider:Tenant:
HEM
ARV"
V
33. TENANT ESTOPPEL CERTIFICATE: Tenant shall execute and return a tenant estoppel certificate delivered to Tenant by HousingProvider or Housing Provider's agent within 3 days after its receipt (C.A.R. Form TEC). Failure to comply with this requirement shallbe deemed Tenant's acknowledgment that the tenant estoppel certificate is true and correct, and may be relied upon by a lender orpurchaser.Tenant's Initials XX JBVMHousing Providers InitialsRLMM REVISED 6/23 (PAGE 5 OF 9)
wwwwww.DS
-OS
wenty
COAL4ワンタフ)
RESIDENTIAL LEASE OR MONTH-TO-MONTH RENTAL AGREEMENT (RLMM PAGE 5 OF 9)Produced with Lone Wolf Transactions (zipForm Edition) 717 N Harwood St. Suite 2200. Dallas. TX 75201 www.lwolf.comS1x N Stonem
DocuSign Envelope ID: BEBBB34E-2815-40EE-A88B-704908D522A5
***
LL TIME "",
"W
Premises: 518 N Stoneman Ave., Alhambra, California 91801Date: 08/04/202334. REPRESENTATIONA. TENANT REPRESENTATION; OBLIGATIONS REGARDING OCCUPANTS: CREDIT: Tenant warrants that all statements inTenant's rental application are accurate. Housing Provider requires all occupants 18 years of age or older and all emancipatedminors to complete a lease rental application. Tenant acknowledges this requirement and agrees to notify Housing Providerwhen any occupant of the Premises reaches the age of 18 or becomes an emancipated minor. Tenant authorizes HousingProvider and Broker(s) to obtain Tenant's credit during the tenancy in connection with a modification of this Agreement. Beforeoccupancy begins, Housing Provider may cancel this Agreement upon disapproval of the credit report(s) or upon discoveringthat information in Tenant's application is false. During the tenancy, Housing Provider may reject any such modification upondisapproval of the credit report(s) obtained in connection with the modification. A negative credit report reflecting on Tenant'srecord may be submitted to a credit reporting agency if Tenant fails to fulfill the terms of payment and other obligations underthis Agreement.B. HOUSING PROVIDER REPRESENTATIONS: Housing Provider warrants that, unless otherwise specified in writing, HousingProvider is unaware of (i) any recorded Notices of Default affecting the Premise; (i) any delinquent amounts due under anyloan secured by the Premises; and (iii) any bankruptcy proceeding affecting the Premises.35. MEDIATION:A. Consistent with paragraphs B and C below, Housing Provider and Tenant agree to mediate any dispute or claim arising betweenthem out of this Agreement, or any resulting transaction, before resorting to court action. Mediation fees, if any, shall be dividedequally among the parties involved. If, for any dispute or claim to which this paragraph applies, any party commences an actionwithout first attempting to resolve the matter through mediation, or refuses to mediate after a request has been made, then thatparty shall not be entitled to recover attorney fees, even if they would otherwise be available to that party in any such action.B. The following matters are excluded from mediation: (i) an unlawful detainer action; (ii) the filing or enforcement of a mechanic'slien; and (ii) any matter within the jurisdiction of a probate, small claims or bankruptcy court. The filing of a court action toenable the recording of a notice of pending action, for order of attachment, receivership, injunction, or other provisionalremedies, shall not constitute a waiver of the mediation provision.C. Housing Provider and Tenant agree to mediate disputes or claims involving Listing Agent, Leasing Agent or property manager("Broker"), provided Broker shall have agreed to such mediation prior to, or within a reasonable time after, the dispute or claim ispresented to such Broker. Any election by Broker to participate in mediation shall not result in Broker being deemed a party tothis Agreement.36. ATTORNEY FEES: In any action or proceeding arising out of this Agreement, the prevailing party between Housing Provider andTenant shall be entitled to reasonable attorney fees and costs collectively not to exceed $1,000 (or $), except asprovided in paragraph 35A.37. C.A.R. FORM: C.A.R. Form means the specific form referenced or another comparable form agreed to by the parties.38. DISCLOSURES:A. ☑ MOLD AND DAMPNESS: Exposure to mold may have potential health risks. Tenant acknowledges receipt of the attachedbooklet titled. "Information on Dampness and Mold for Renters in California" before signing this Residential Lease or Month-to-Month Rental Agreement.B. PERIODIC PEST CONTROL: ☐ Premises is a house. Tenant is responsible for periodic pest control treatment.C. BED BUGS: Housing Provider has no knowledge of any infestation in the Premises by bed bugs. See attached Bed BugDisclosure (C.A.R. Form BBD) for further information. Tenant shall report suspected bed bug infestation to Housing Provideror, if applicable, property manager and cooperate with any inspection for and treatment of bed bugs. Housing Provider willnotify tenants of any units infested by bed bugs.D. MEGAN'S LAW DATABASE DISCLOSURE: Notice: Pursuant to § 290.46 of the Penal Code, information about specifiedregistered sex offenders is made available to the public via an Internet Web site maintained by the Department of Justice atwww.megansław.ca.gov. Depending on an offender's criminal history, this information will include either the address at whichthe offender resides or the community of residence and ZIP Code in which he or she resides. (Neither Housing Provider norBrokers, if any, are required to check this website. If Tenant wants further information, Tenant should oblain informationdirectly from this website.)E. ☑ RESIDENTIAL ENVIRONMENTAL HAZARDS BOOKLET: Tenant acknowledges receipt of the residential environmentalhazards booklet.F. FLOOD HAZARD DISCLOSURE: Flooding has the potential to cause significant damage to personal property owned byTenant. See attached Tenant Flood Hazard Disclosure (C.A.R. Form TFHD) for additional information.G. ☐ OTHER MATERIAL FACTS:
www.MEBEL WEL DELIMI
2
*****
*** W
Sa
יווני
H. ADDITIONAL DISCLOSURES: RPO shall make additional disclosures regarding the following matters on the attached RentalProperty Owner Disclosure (C.A.R. Form RPOD): Lead-based Paint; Methamphetamine Contamination; Periodic Pest ControlContracts; Water Submeters; Mold; Asbestos: Homeowners Associations/Condominiums/Planned Developments; MilitaryOrdnance Locations; Death on the Premises.39. SERVICEMEMBERS CIVIL RELIEF ACT: Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in paragraphs 2, 4, 26 or elsewhere in thisAgreement, the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act applies to this Agreement and any effort to terminate it, as specified in §§ 3951 and3955 of the Act.40. TIME OF ESSENCE; ENTIRE CONTRACT: CHANGES: Time is of the essence. All understandings between the parties areincorporated in this Agreement. Its terms are intended by the parties as a final, complete and exclusive expression of theirAgreement with respect to its subject matter, and may not be contradicted by evidence of any prior agreement or contemporaneousoral agreement. If any provision of this Agreement is held to be ineffective or invalid, the remaining provisions will nevertheless begiven full force and effect. Neither this Agreement nor any provision in it may be extended, amended, modified, altered or changedexcept in writing. This Agreement is subject to California Housing Provider-tenant law and shall incorporate all changes required byamendment or successors to such law. This Agreement and any supplement, addendum or modification, including any copy, maybe signed in two or more counterparts, all of which shall constitute one and the same writing.JBVMTenant's initialsHousing Providers InitialsRLMM REVISED 6/23 (PAGE 6 OF 9)
DS
wwwDS
ВЛ
xXx JB
NAM
Hamwoodпошли мукамCONTURITY
RESIDENTIAL LEASE OR MONTH-TO-MONTH RENTAL AGREEMENT (RLMM PAGE 6 OF 9)Prattuced with Lone Wolf Transactions (zipForm Edition) 717 N Harwood St. Suite 2200, Dallas, TX 75201 www.holf.com $15 N StonewAN
DocuSign Envelope ID: BEBBB34E-2815-40EE-A888-704908D522A5
***".
זין יי!.. M---
wwwwww
** Wel
www.
Prenses 518 N Stoneman Ave., Alhambra, California 91801Date: 09/04/202341. AGENCY:A. CONFIRMATION: The following agency relationship(s) are hereby confirmed for this transaction:Housing Provider's Brokerage FirmColdwell Banker RealtyLicense Number 00616212is the broker of (check one): ☐ the Housing Provider; or ✗ both the Tenant and Housing Provider (Dual Agent).Housing Provider's AgentMarisol GrierLicense Number 01950362is (check one): ☐ the Housing Provider's Agent. (salesperson or broker associate); or ✗ both the Tenant's and HousingProvider's Agent (Dual Agent).Tenant's Brokerage FirmColdwell Banker RealtyLicense Number 00616212Is the broker of (check one): the Tenant; or ✗ both the Tenant and Housing Provider. (Dual Agent).Tenant's AgentJohnny AragonLicense Number 02066422Is (check one): the Tenant's Agent. (salesperson or broker associate), or X both the Tenant's and Housing Provider's Agent(Dual Agent).B. DISCLOSURE: ☑ (If checked): The term of this Agreement exceeds one year. A disclosure regarding real estate agencyrelationships (C.A.R. Form AD) has been provided to Housing Provider and Tenant, who each acknowledge its receipt.C. TERMINATION OF AGENCY RELATIONSHIP:(1) Housing Provider and Tenant acknowledges and agrees that unless Broker is the property manager, or as specified in (2)below, once Housing Provider and Tenant enter into this Agreement, (i) Broker will not represent Owner in any mannerregarding the management of the Premises; and (ii) Any representation duties that Broker may owe to, and any agencyrelationship that Broker may have with. either Housing Provider or Tenant, is terminated.(2) Notwithstanding paragraph 41C(1), Broker duties and responsibilities to either Housing Provider or Tenant will terminateupon the last to occur of the following (choose all that apply): ☐ Tenant occupancy, ☐ Delivering to Tenant keys or othermeans of entering the Premises, Tenant walkthrough, X Completion of Move In Inspection (C.A.R. Form MI),42. TENANT COMPENSATION TO BROKER: Upon execution of this Agreement, Tenant agrees to pay compensation to Brokeras specified in a separate written agreement between Tenant and Broker.43. NOTICE OF RIGHT TO RECEIVE FOREIGN LANGUAGE TRANSLATION OF LEASE/RENTAL AGREEMENTS: California CivilCode requires a Housing Provider or property manager to provide a tenant with a foreign language translation copy of a lease orrental agreement if the agreement was negotiated primarily in Spanish, Chinese, Korean, Tagalog or Vietnamese. If applicable.every term of the lease/rental needs to be translated except for, among others, names, dollar amounts and dates written asnumerals, and words with no generally accepted non-English translation.44. OWNER COMPENSATION TO BROKER: Upon execution of this Agreement, Owner agrees to pay compensation to Broker asspecified in a separate written agreement between Owner and Broker (C.A.R. Form LL or LCA).45. RECEIPT: If specified in paragraph 5, Housing Provider or Broker, acknowledges receipt of move-in funds.46. OTHER TERMS AND CONDITIONS; If checked, the following ATTACHED documents are incorporated in this Agreement:Keysafe/Lockbox Addendum (C.A.R. Form KLA); Lead-Based Paint and Lead-Based Paint Hazards Disclosure (C.A.R. Form LPD!:X Lease/Rental Mold and Ventilation Addendum (C.A.R. Form LRM); Housing Provider in Default Addendum (C.A.R. FormHPID): X Parking and Storage Disclosure (C.A.R. Form PSD); x Bed Bug Disclosure (C.A.R. Form BBD) X Tenant Flood HazardDisclosure (C.A.R. Form TFHD); X Rent Cap and Just Cause Addendum (C.A.R. Form RCJC)☐ Other Documents/Addenda:
==
'aka' BI LER MAN A
www
KIM
ELLE
wwwwww.....
MELANILIN NILA HIMLELE CHIM
w
Other Terms:
_
m
47. LEGALLY AUTHORIZED SIGNER: Wherever the signature or initials of the Legaily Authorized Signer identified in paragraphs 50or 51 appear on this Agreement or any related documents, it shall be deemed to be in a representative capacity for the entitydescribed and not in an individual capacity, unless otherwise indicated. The Legally Authorized Signer (i) represents that the entityfor which that person is acting already exists and is in good standing to do business in California, and (ii) shall Deliver to the otherParty, upon request, evidence of authority to act in that capacity (such as but not limited to: applicable portion of the trust orCertification of Trust (Probate Code § 18100.5), letters testamentary, court order, power of attorney, corporate resolution, orformation documents of the business entity).48. ☐ INTERPRETER/TRANSLATOR: The terms of this Agreement have been interpreted for Tenant into the following language:Housing Provider and Tenant acknowledge receipt of the attached interpreter/translator agreement (C.A.R. Form (TA).49. The Premises is being managed by Owner, (or, if checked):Housing Provider's Brokerage Firm in Real Estate Brokerage section Tenant's Brokerage Firm in Real Estate Brokers sectionProperty Management firm immediately belowReal Estate Broker (Property Manager)DRE Lic #(Agent)DRE Lic #AddressTelephone #
***
MIL
Housing Provider and Tenant acknowledge and agree Brokers: (a) do not guarantee the condition of the Premises; (b)cannot verify representations made by others; (c) cannot provide legal or tax advice; (d) will not provide other advice orinformation that exceeds the knowledge, education or experience required to obtain a real estate license. Furthermore.if Brokers are not also acting as Housing Provider in this Agreement, Brokers: (e) do not decide what rental rate aTenant should pay or Housing Provider should accept; and (f) do not decide upon the length or other terms of thisAgreement. Housing Provider and Tenant agree that they will seek legal, tax, insurance and other desired assistancefrom appropriate professionals.Tenant's initials XVMHousing Providers InitiatsIXRLMM REVISED 6/23 (PAGE 7 OF 9)RESIDENTIAL LEASE OR MONTH-TO-MONTH RENTAL AGREEMENT (RLMM PAGE 7 OF 9)Produced with Lone Well Transactions (2pForm Edition) 717 N Harwood St. Suite 2200, Dallas, TX 752801 www.com
DS
DS
JE
85X1
Wow
www
www.стаем дляTYY
S18N Stonernan
