SEEML Reference Number:
G-250314034
Southeast Environmental Microbiology Laboratories
102 Edinburgh Court
Greenville, SC 29607
Phone: (864) 233-3770
0
0
The information and data for MIT Environmental Testing Grp has been checked for
thoroughness and accuracy. The following reports are contained within this document:
Surface/Bulk Report
Spore Trap Report
Andersen Fungal Report
Quantitative Fungal Report
Lab Manager Review :
Charlene Kingston
Date : 03-14-2025
Thank you for using SEEML laboratories. We strive to provide superior quality and service.
SEEML laboratories are accredited through AIHA LAP, LLC (EMLAP # 173667) for the analysis of Spore
Traps and Surface/Bulk Samples.
The data within this report is reliable to three significant figures. The third significant figure is technically
unjustified. In this instance, the third figure is reported as an estimate to facilitate the interpretation by the
customer.
Confidentiality Notice:
The document(s) contained herein are confidential and privileged information, intended for the exclusive use of
the individual or entity named above. If the reader of this message is not the intended recipient, or the employee
or agent responsible for delivering it to the intended recipient, you are hereby notified that any dissemination,
distribution or copying of the document(s) is strictly prohibited. If you have received this document in error,
please immediately notify us by telephone to arrange for its return. Thank you.
Guidelines for Interpretation:
No accepted quantitative regulatory standards currently exist by which to assess the health risks related to mold
and bacterial exposure. Molds and bacteria have been associated with a variety of health effects and sensitivity
varies from person to person.
Several organizations, including: the American Conference of Government Industrial Hygienists (ACGIH); the
American Industrial Hygiene Association (AIHA); the Indoor Air Quality Association (IAQA); the United
States Environmental Protection Agency (USEPA); the Centers for Disease Control (CDC), as well as the
California Department of Health Services (CADHS), have all published guidelines for assessment and
interpretation of mold resulting from water intrusion in buildings.
Interpretation of the data and information within this document is left to the company, consultant, and/or
persons who conducted the fieldwork.
Form 20.0 Rev 8 01/21/20
Page 1 of 14
SEEML Labs
Analytical Solutions For a Healthy Indoor Environment
✓ 
Spore Trap Report
MIT Environmental Testing Grp
2100Corporate Dr. Suite D
Addison, IL, 60101
(855)600-6653
TEST METHOD: DIRECT MICROSCOPY EXAMINATION SEEML SOP 7
Client Sample ID
Location
Lab Sample ID
Detection Limit (spores/m3 )
39908601
Closet
G-250314034-145
13
Date Sampled: 03/12/2025
Date Received: 03/14/2025
Date Analyzed: 03/14/2025
Date Reported: 03/14/2025
Date Revised:
Project Name: Jennifer Burbanks
Project Number:
Project Address: 518 N. Stoneman Ave.
Project City, State, ZIP: Alhambra, CA 91801
SEEML Reference # : G-250314034
39908561
Outside
G-250314034-147
13
Hyphal Fragments
Pollen
Spore Trap Used
Alternaria (=Ulocladium)
Ascospores
Basidiospores
Bipolaris/Drechslera
Cercospora
Chaetomium
Cladosporium
Colorless/Other Brown*
Curvularia
Epicoccum
1
13
M5
M5
raw ct. spores/m³ %
raw ct. spores/m³ %
16
213
27
8
107
13
28
373
47
Fusarium
Memnoniella
Nigrospora
Oidium
Penicillium/Aspergillus
12
160
100
8
107
13
Pithomyces
Polythrincium
Pyricularia
Rusts
Smuts/Periconia/Myxomy
Spegazzinia
Stachybotrys
Tetraploa
Torula
Zygomycetes
Background debris (1-5)**
3
3
Sample Volume(liters)
75
75
TOTAL SPORES/M3
12
160
60
800
Comments:
Spore types listed without a count or data entry were not detected during the course of the analysis for the respective sample, indicating a raw count of <1 spore.
The analytical sensitivity is the spores/m3 divided by the raw count, expressed in spores/m3 . The limit of detection is the analytical sensitivity
(in spores/m3 ) multiplied by the sample volume (in liters) divided by 1000 liters.
*Colorless,other Brown are spores without a distinctive morphology on spore traps and non-viable surface samples.
**Background debris is the amount of particulate matter present on the slide and is graded from 1-5 with 1 = very light, 2= Light, 3 = Medium, 4 = Heavy, 5 = Very Heavy. The
higher the rating the more likelihood spores may be underestimated. A rating of 5 should be interpreted as minimal counts and may actually be higher than reported.
***Ulocladium has been recognized by the International Mycological Association to be equal to Alternaria and so they are reported as one.
Disclaimer: The sample results are determined by the sample volume, which is provided by the customer.
This report relates only to the samples tested as they were received.
Respectfully submitted, SEEML
Charlene Kingston
Charlene Kingston, Approved Laboratory Signatory
102 Edinburgh Court
Greenville, SC. 29607
Phone: (864) 233-3770
AIHA LAP, LLC EMLAP #173667
Texas Lic: LAB1016
Page 2 of 14
Form 18.0 Rev 10 06/23/21
spores/m³
400
350
300
250
200
150
100
50
SEEML Ref #: G-250314034
0
39908601-Closet
Client Sample ID
39908561-Outside
Ascospores
Basidiospores
Cladosporium
Penicillium/Aspergillus
Pollen
Page 3 of 14
■
■ 
MIT Environmental Testing Grp
2100Corporate Dr. Suite D
Addison, IL, 60101
(855)600-6653
Surface and Bulk Sample Report
Date Sampled: 03/12/2025
Date Received: 03/14/2025
Date Analyzed: 03/14/2025
Date Reported: 03/14/2025
Date Revised:
TEST METHOD: Direct Microscopic Examination (SEEML SOP 18)
Client Sample ID
Location
SEEML Sample ID
Sample Type
Hyphal Fragments
Swab
Closet Floor
G-250314034-146
Swab
Quantification*
Project Name: Jennifer Burbanks
Project Number:
Project Address: 518 N. Stoneman Ave.
Project City, State ZIP:
SEEML Reference #:
Alhambra, CA 91801
G-250314034
Pollen
General Impressions
**
NFG
Miscellaneous Spores
Fungal Growth:
Acremonium
Alternaria (=Ulocladium)
Ascospores
Basidiospores
Bipolaris/Drechslera
Cercospora
Chaetomium
Cladosporium
Curvularia
Epicoccum
Fusarium
Geotrichum sp.
Memnoniella
Scattered
Myxomycetes
Nigrospora
Penicillium/Aspergillus
Scattered
Pithomyces
Rusts
Stachybotrys
Torula
Trichoderma
Revisions:
H = >10,000 fungal spores
** General Impressions: NFG = No Fungal Growth, FG = Fungal Growth, MFG = Minimal Fungal Growth Or Growth in vicinity
Ulocladium has been recognized by the International Mycological Association to be equal to Alternaria and so they are reported as one.
Quantification of fungal growth is done by semi-quantitative grading using the following ranges:
Scattered Spores = 1-20 fungal spores
VL = 21-100 fungal spores
ND = No Fungal Spores Detected
L = 101-1,000 fungal spores
M = 1,001-10,000 fungal spores
Disclaimer: This report relates only to the samples tested as received.
Respectfully submitted, SEEML
Charlene Kingston, Approved Laboratory Signatory
102 Edinburgh Court
Greenville, SC 29607
Phone: (864) 233-3770
AIHA LAP, LLC EMLAP #232339
Texas Lic: LAB1016
Form 46.0 Rev 5 02/03/22
Page 4 of 14
Fungal Descriptions
Alternaria sp.
Aw - 0.89. Conidia dimensions: 18-83 x 7-18 microns. A very common allergen with an IgE mediated
response. It is often found in carpets, textiles and on horizontal surfaces in building interiors. Often found
on window frames. Outdoors it may be isolated from samples of soil, seeds and plants. It is commonly
found in outdoor samples. The large spore size, 20 - 200 microns in length and 7 - 18 microns in sizes,
suggests that the spores from these fungi will be deposited in the nose, mouth and upper respiratory
tract. It may be related to bakers' asthma. It has been associated with hypersensitivity pneumonitis.I 
The species Alternaria alternata can produce tenuazonic acid and other toxic metabolites that may be
associated with disease in humans or animals. Common cause of extrinsic asthma (immediate-type
hypersensitivity: type I). Acute symptoms include edema and bronchospasms; chronic cases may
develop pulmonary emphysema.
Ascospore
A spore borne in a special cell called an ascus. Spores of this type are reported to be allergenic. All
ascomycetes, members of a group of fungi called Ascomycotina, have this type of spore. The minute
black dots on rotting wood and leaves or the little cups on lichens are examples of ascomycetes; another
is the "truffle" mushroom.
Aspergillus/Penicillium
These are two of the most commonly found allergenic fungi in problem buildings. Aspergillus comes in
many varieties (species). Many of the varieties produce toxic substances. It may be associated with
symptoms such as sinusitis, allergic bronchopulmonary aspergillosis, and other allergic symptoms.
Penicillium is a variety of mold that is very common indoors and is found in increased numbers in
problem buildings. It also has many varieties, some of which produce toxic substances. The symptoms
are allergic reactions, mucous membrane irritation, headaches, vomiting, and diarrhea. Due to the
morphological similarity of Aspergillus and Penicillium , they are not differentiated by microscopic
analysis and are reported together.
Aspergillus sp.
Aw 0.75 - 0.82. Reported to be allergenic. Members of this genus are reported to cause ear infections.
Many species produce mycotoxins that may be associated with disease in humans and other animals.
Toxin production is dependent on the species or a strain within a species and on the food source for the
fungus. Some of these toxins have been found to be carcinogenic in animal species. Several toxins are
considered potential human carcinogens. Common cause of extrinsic asthma (immediate-type
hypersensitivity: type I). Acute symptoms include edema and bronchospasms; chronic cases may
develop pulmonary emphysema; may also be associated with sinusitis, allergic bronchopulmonary
aspergillosis, and other allergic symptoms.
Doc 16.0 Rev 2 12/27/19
Page 5 of 14
Aureobasidium
Aureobasidium pullulans is a ubiquitous and generalistic black, yeast-like fungus that can be found in different
environments (e.g., soil, water, air, and limestone). It is well known as a naturally occurring epiphyte or endophyte
of a wide range of plant species (e.g. apple, grape, cucumber, green beans, cabbage) without causing any symptoms
of disease. A. pullulans has a high importance in biotechnology for the production of different
enzymes, siderophores and pullulan. Furthermore, A. pullulans is used in biological control of plant diseases,
especially storage diseases.
Chronic human exposure to A. pullulans via humidifiers or air conditioners can lead to
hypersensitivity pneumonitis (extrinsic allergic alveolitis) or "humidifier lung". This condition is characterized
acutely by dyspnea, cough, fever, chest infiltrates, and acute inflammatory reaction. The condition can also be
chronic, and lymphocyte mediated. The chronic condition is characterized radiographically by reticulonodular
infiltrates in the lung, with apical sparing. The strains causing infections in humans were reclassified to A.
melanogenum.
Basidiospore
Spore from basidiomycetes. Many varieties are reported to be allergenic.
Bipolaris sp.
Aw 0.93. Conidia dimensions: 7-14 x 5-9 microns. It is parasitic on plants and soft fruits. Found in soil
and on house plants and vegetables, it is also known as "gray mold". It causes leaf rot on grapes,
strawberries, lettuce, etc. It is a well-known allergen, producing asthma type symptoms in greenhouse
workers and "wine grower's lung".
Botrytis sp.
A fungus with large spores that could be expected to be deposited in the upper respiratory tract. This
fungus can produce the mycotoxin - sterigmatocystin, which has been shown to produce liver and kidney
damage when ingested by laboratory animals.
Cercaspora
Common outdoors in agricultural areas, especially during harvest. Parasite of higher plants, causing leaf
spot. Commonly found as parasites on higher plants.
Chaetomium sp.
Large ascomycetous fungus producing perithecia. It is found on a variety of substrates containing
cellulose, including paper and plant compost. It has been found on paper in sheetrock. It can produce an
Acremonium- like state on fungal media. Varieties are considered allergenic and have been associated
with peritonitis, cutaneous lesions, and system mycosis.
Doc 16.0 Rev 2 12/27/19
Page 6 of 14
Cladosporium sp.
Aw 0.88; Aw 0.84. Most commonly identified outdoor fungus. The outdoor numbers are reduced in the
winter. The numbers are often high in the summer. Often found indoors in numbers less than outdoor
numbers. It is a common allergen. Indoor Cladosporium sp. may be different than the species identified
outdoors. It is commonly found on the surface of fiberglass duct liners in the interior of supply ducts. A
wide variety of plants are food sources for this fungus. It is found on dead plants, woody plants, food,
straw, soil, paint, and textiles. Produces greater than 10 antigens. Antigens in commercial extracts are of
variable quality and may degrade within weeks of preparation. Common cause of extrinsic asthma
(immediate-type hypersensitivity: type I). Acute symptoms include skin lesions, eye ulceration, mycosis
(including onychomycosis, an infection of the nails of the feet or hands) edema and bronchospasms;
chronic cases may develop pulmonary emphysema.
Curvularia sp.
Reported to be allergenic and has been associated with allergic fungal sinusitis. It may cause corneal
infections, mycetoma, and infections in immune compromised hosts.
Dreschlera sp.
Conidia dimensions: 40-120 x 17-28 microns. Found on grasses, grains and decaying food. It can
occasionally cause a corneal infection of the eye.
Epicoccum sp.
Conidia dimensions: 15-25 microns. A common allergen. It is found in plants, soil, grains, textiles and
paper products.
Fusarium sp.
Aw 0.90. A common soil fungus. It is found on a wide range of plants. It is often found in humidifiers.
Several species in this genus can produce potent trichothecene toxins. The trichothecene (scirpene)
toxin targets the following systems: circulatory, alimentary, skin, and nervous. Produces vomitoxin on
grains during unusually damp growing conditions. Symptoms may occur either through ingestion of
contaminated grains or possibly inhalation of spores. The genera can produce hemorrhagic syndrome in
humans (alimentary toxic aleukia). This is characterized by nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, dermatitis, and
extensive internal bleeding. Reported to be allergenic. Frequently involved in eye, skin, and nail
infections.
Myxomycetes
Members of a group of fungi that is included in the category of "slime molds". They're occasionally found
indoors, but mainly reside in forested regions on decaying logs, stumps, and dead leaves. Myxomycetes
display characteristics of fungi and protozoans. In favorable (wet) conditions they exhibit motile, amoeba-
like cells, usually bounded only by a plasma membrane, that are variable in size and form. During dry
spells, they form a resting body (sclerotium) with dry, airborne spores. These fungi are not known to
produce toxins but can cause hay fever and asthma.
Doc 16.0 Rev 2 12/27/19
Page 7 of 14
Memnoniella
Contaminant found most often with Stachybotrys on wet cellulose. Forms in chains, but it are very similar
to Stachybotrys and sometimes is considered to be in the Stachybotrys family. Certain species do produce
toxins very similar to the ones produced by Stachybotrys chartarum and many consider the IAQ
importance of Memnoniella to be on par with Stachybotrys. Allergenic and infectious properties are not
well studied.
Nigrospora sp.
Commonly found in warm climates, this mold may be responsible for allergic reactions
such as hay fever and asthma. It is found on decaying plant material and in the soil. It is
not often found indoors.
Oidium sp.
The asexual phase of Erysiphe sp. It is a plant pathogen causing powdery mildews. It is very common on
the leaf’s stems, and flowers of plants. The health effects and allergenicity have not been studied. It
does not grow on non-living surfaces such as wood or drywall.
Penicillium sp.
Aw 0.78 - 0.88. A wide number of organisms have been placed in this genus. Identification to species is
difficult. Often found in aerosol samples. Commonly found in soil, food, cellulose and grains. It is also
found in paint and compost piles. It may cause hypersensitivity pneumonitis, allergic alveolitis in
susceptible individuals. It is reported to be allergenic (skin). It is commonly found in carpet, wallpaper,
and in interior fiberglass duct insulation. Some species can produce mycotoxins. Common cause of
extrinsic asthma (immediate-type hypersensitivity: type I). Acute symptoms include edema and
bronchospasms; chronic cases may develop pulmonary emphysema. It may also cause headaches,
vomiting, and diarrhea.
Periconia sp.
Periconia sp. are found in soil, blackened and dead herbaceous stems leaf spots, grasses, rushes, and
sedges. Almost always associated with other fungi. Rarely found growing indoors. Reportedly associated
with a rare case of mycotic keratitis.
Pithomyces sp.
A common mold found on dead leaves, plants, soil and especially grasses. Causes facial eczema in
ruminants. It exhibits distinctive multi-celled brown conidia. It is not known to be a human allergen or
pathogen. It is rarely found indoors, although it can grow on paper.
Doc 16.0 Rev 2 12/27/19
Page 8 of 14
Rusts/Smuts
These fungi are associated with plant diseases. In the classification scheme of the fungi, the smuts have
much in common with the rusts, and they are frequently discussed together. Both groups produce wind-
borne, resistant teliospores that serve as the basis for their classification and their means of spread.
Rusts usually attack vegetative regions (i.e., leaves and stems) of plants; smuts usually are associated
with the reproductive structures (seeds). They can cause hay fever and asthma.
Spegazzinia
Spegazzinia species comprise a very small proportion of the fungal biota. This genus is somewhat related
to other lobed or ornamented genera such as Candelabrum . No information is available regarding health
effects or toxicity. Allergenicity has not been studied. Usually identified on spore trap samples where it is
seen every few weeks. (Spores have very distinctive morphology.) May also be found in air by culturable
(Andersen) samples if a long enough incubation period is provided so that sporulation occurs. Our
laboratory has never found this organism growing on indoor environmental surfaces. Natural habitat
includes soil and many kinds of trees and plants.
Sporotrichum
Sporotrichum species comprise a very small proportion of the fungal biota and are most closely related to other
colorless hyphomycetes such as Chrysosporium. The only information available regarding health effects are a few
rare cases of repeated isolations from respiratory secretions suggestive of bronchopulmonary colonization. No
information is available regarding toxicity. Allergenicity has not been studied. May be identified on surfaces by
tape lifts, tease mounts from bulk samples, and in air by culturable (Andersen) samples. Many times sporulating
colorless fungi are very difficult to identify, with critical structures only very faintly visible under oil immersion
magnification. Thus, these isolates may be placed in the
category "Colorless, sporulating, ID unknown" on the
Andersen report format. Spores do not have distinctive morphology and would be categorized as "other colorless"
on spore trap samples. Natural habitat includes soil and decaying wood.
Stachybotrys sp.
Aw - 0.94, optimum Aw ->0.98. Several strains of this fungus (S. atra, S. chartarum and
S. alternans are synonymous) may produce a trichothecene mycotoxin- Satratoxin H - which is poisonous
by inhalation. The toxins are present on the fungal spores. This is a slow growing fungus on media. It
does not compete well with other rapidly growing fungi. The dark colored fungus grows on building
material with high cellulose content and low nitrogen content. Areas with a relative humidity above 55%,
and are subject to temperature fluctuations, are ideal for toxin production. Individuals with chronic
exposure to the toxin produced by this fungus reported cold and flu symptoms, sore throats, diarrhea,
headaches, fatigue, dermatitis, intermittent local hair loss and generalized malaise. Other symptoms
include coughs, rhinitis, nosebleed, a burning sensation in the nasal passages, throat, and lungs, and
fever. The toxins produced by this fungus will suppress the immune system affecting the lymphoid tissue
and the bone marrow. Animals injected with the toxin from this fungus exhibited the following symptoms:
necrosis and hemorrhage within the brain, thymus, spleen, intestine, lung, heart, lymph node, liver, and
kidney. Affects by absorption of the toxin in the human lung are known as pneumomycosis.
Doc 16.0 Rev 2 12/27/19
Page 9 of 14
This organism is rarely found in outdoor samples. It is usually difficult to find in indoor air samples
unless it is physically disturbed (or possibly -this is speculation- a drop in the relative humidity). The
spores are in a gelatinous mass. Appropriate media for the growth of this organism will have high
cellulose content and low nitrogen content. The spores will die readily after release. The dead spores are
still allergenic and toxigenic. Percutaneous absorption has caused mild symptoms.
Stemphylium sp.
Reported to be allergenic. Isolated from dead plants and cellulose materials.
Torula sp.
Found outdoors in air, soil, on dead vegetation, wood, and grasses. Also found indoors on cellulose
materials. Reported to be allergenic and may cause hay fever and asthma.
Tetraploa
Tetraploa species comprise a very small proportion of the fungal biota. This genus is somewhat related
to Triposporium and Diplocladiella. The only reported human infections are two cases of keratitis (1970,
1980) and one case of subcutaneous infection of the knee (1990). No information is available regarding
other health effects or toxicity. Allergenicity has not been studied. Usually identified on spore trap
samples where it is seen every few weeks. (Spores have very distinctive morphology.) Our laboratory
has never found this organism growing on indoor environmental surfaces. Natural habitat includes leaf
bases and stems just above the soil on many kinds of plants and trees.
Ulocladium sp.
Aw 0.89. Isolated from dead plants and cellulose materials. Found on textiles.
Zygomycetes
Zygomycetes are one of the four major groups of fungi, the others being the Oomycetes, the
Ascomycetes, and the Basidiomycetes. Zygomycetes are common, fast growing, and often overgrow
and/or inhibit other fungi nearby. Rhizopus and Mucor are two of the most common Zygomycetes seen
in the indoor environment. However, others are seen as well, including Syncephalastrum , Circinella
Mortierella , Mycotypha , Cunninghamella , and Choanephora . For further information, please see
descriptions of these individual genera.
,
Doc 16.0 Rev 2 12/27/19
Page 10 of 14
The following table lists mycotoxins that are produced by certain types of fungi:
Fungi
Acremonium crotocinigenum
Aspergillus favus
Aspergillus fumigatus
Aspergillus carneus
Aspergillus clavatus
Aspergillus Parasiticus
Aspergillus nomius
Aspergillus niger
Acremonium crotocinigenum
Aspergillus nidulans
Mycotoxin
Crotocin
Alfatoxin B, cyclopiazonic acid
Fumagilin, gliotoxin
Critrinin
Cytochalasin, patulin
Alfatoxin B
Alfatoxin B
Ochratoxin A, malformin, oxalicacid
Crotocin
Sterigmatocystin
epi- Griseofulvin , dechlorogriseofulvin,
Aspergillus ochraceus
Aspergillus versicolor
Aspergillus ustus
Aspergillus terreus
Alternaria
|
|
Arthrinium
Bioploaris
Chaetomium
Cladosporium
Clavipes purpurea
Cylindrocorpon
Diplodia
Fusarium
Fusarium moniliforme
Emericella nidulans
Gliocladium
Memnoniella
Myrothecium
Paecilomyces
Penicillium aurantiocandidum
Penicillium aurantiogriseum
Penicillium brasilanum
Penicillium brevicompactum
Penicillium camemberti
Penicillium carneum
Penicillium crateriforme
Ochratoxin A, penicillic acid
Sterigmatocystin, 5 ethoxysterigmatocystin
Ausdiol, austamide, austocystin,brevianamide
Citreoviridin
Alternariol, altertoxin, altenuene, altenusin,
tenuazonic acid
Nitropropionic acid
Cytochalasin, sporidesmin,
sterigmatocystin
Chaetoglobosin A,B,C. Sterigmatocystin
Cladosporic acid
Ergotism
Trichothecene
Diplodiatoxin
Trichothecene, zearalenone
Fumonisins
Sterigmatocystin
Gliotoxin
decholorgriseofulvin, trichodermin,
trichodermol
Trichothecene
Patulin, viriditoxin
Penicillic acid
Penicillic acid
Penicillic acid
Mycophenolic acid
Cyclopiazonic acid
Mycophenolic acid, Roquefortine C
Rubratoxin
Doc 16.0 Rev 2 12/27/19
Page 11 of 14
|
|
|
|
|
|
|
Fungi
Penicillium citrinum
Penicillium commune
Penicillium crustosum
Penicillium chrysogenum
Penicillium discolor
Penicillium
expansum
Penicillium griseofulvum
Penicillium hirsutum
Penicillium hordei
Penicillium nordicum
Penicillium paneum
Penicillium palitans
Penicillium polonicum
Penicillum roqueforti
Penicillium veridicatum
Penicillium verrucosum
Penicillium/ Aspergillus
Penicillium/ Aspergillus/Alternaria
Phomopsis
Mycotoxin
Citrinin
Cyclopiazonic acid
Roquefortine C
Roquefortine C
Chaetoglobosin C
Citrinin, Roquefortine C
Roquefortine C, cyclopiazonic acid,
griseofulvin
Roquefortine C
Roquefortine C
Ochratoxin A
Roquefortine C
Cyclopiazonic acid
Penicillic acid
Roquefortine C, Mycophenolic acid
|
Penicillic acid
Citrinin, ochratoxin A
Patulin
Glitoxin
Phoma
Pithomyces
Rhizoctonia
Rhizopus
Sclerotinia
Stachybotrys chartarum
Torula
Trichoderma
Trichothecium
Wallemia
Zygosporium
Macrocyclic trichothecenes
Brefeldin, cytochalasin, secalonic acid,
|
tenuazonic acid
Sporidesmin
Slaframine
Rhizonin
Furanocoumarins
Iso-satratoxin F, roridin E, L-2, satratoxin G &
H, trichodermin, trichodermol,
trichothecene
Cytotoxins
Trichodermin, trichodermol, gliotoxin
Trichothecene
Walleminol
Cytochalasin
Doc 16.0 Rev 2 12/27/19
Page 12 of 14
|
|
|
|
|
General terms
Allergen
An allergen is a substance that elicits an IgE antibody response and is responsible for producing allergic
reactions. Chemicals are released when IgE on certain cells contact an allergen. These chemicals can
cause injury to surrounding tissue - the visible signs of an allergy. Only a few fungal allergens have been
characterized but all fungi are thought to be potentially allergenic. Fungal allergens are proteins found in
either the mycelium or spores
"Black mold"
A poorly defined term. Black mold or toxic black mold has usually been associated with the mold
Stachybotrys chartarum . While there are only a few molds that are truly black, there are many that can
appear black. Not all molds that appear to be black are Stachybotrys .
Fungi
Fungi are neither animals nor plants and are classified in a kingdom of their own. The Kingdom of Fungi.
Fungi include a very large group of organisms, including molds, yeasts, mushrooms and puffballs. There
are >100,000 accepted fungal species but current estimates range to 1.5 million species. Mycologists
(people who study fungi) have grouped fungi into four large groups according to their method of
reproduction.
Hidden mold
This refers to visible mold growth on building structures that is not easily seen, including the areas above
drop ceilings, within a wall cavity (the space between the inner and outer structure of a wall), inside air
handlers, or within the ducting of a heating/ventilation system.
Microbial Volatile Organic Compounds (MVOCs)
Fungi produce chemicals as a result of their metabolism. Some of these chemicals, MVOCs, are
responsible for the characteristic moldy, musty, or earthy smell of fungi, whether mushrooms or molds.
Some MVOCs are considered offensive or annoying. Specific MVOCs are thought to be characteristic of
wood rot and mold growth on building materials. The human nose is very sensitive to mold odors and
sometimes more so than current analytical instruments.
Mold
Molds are a group of organisms that belong to the Kingdom of Fungi (see Fungi). Even though the terms
mold and fungi had been commonly referred to interchangeably, all molds are fungi, but not all fungi are
molds.
Doc 16.0 Rev 2 12/27/19
Page 13 of 14
Mycotoxin
Mycotoxins are compounds produced by some fungi that are toxic to humans or animals. By convention,
the term? Mycotoxin. Excludes mushroom toxins. Fungi that produce mycotoxins are called "toxigenic
fungi.”
Spore
General term for a reproductive structure in fungi, bacteria and some plants. In fungi, the spore is the
structure which may be used for dissemination and may be resistant to adverse environmental
conditions.
Toxic mold
The term "toxic mold" has no scientific meaning since the mold itself is not toxic. The metabolic
byproducts of some molds may be toxic (see mycotoxin).
Hypha (plural, hyphae)
An individual fungal thread or filament of connected cells; the thread that represents the individual parts
of the fungal body.
Doc 16.0 Rev 2 12/27/19
Page 14 of 14
